Damn so many people.  Hey, hey, hey.  Let's write some more neat code today.  What's up, NovNeeeth? Well that's not my name, but hey, I'm doing pretty good.  I assume everything's working.  You guys can hear me, right? If you can hear me type 1 in the chat right now, type 1, 1, the number 1, number 1, 1, 1, 1, Ick, Ick.  Okay, you guys can hear me.  It looks like the stream delay is actually pretty short because you guys started typing that like 5 seconds after that.  So this will be better than last time.  Okay, let me just make sure it's recording this time because last time we lost the video.

 So don't want that to happen again.  Let's double check.  You speak Hindi.  Not really.  Where's your bed for me? Okay, I think it's recording.  But as long as my computer doesn't crash, we should be good.  So have your fingers crossed.  I am on Windows 11, so there is a non-zero chance that my computer is going to crash and we're going to lose everything.  So just don't want that to happen.  24 hours, why? I don't know.

 Just for fun.  Just for fun, Z's.  What was I going to say? Yeah, if anybody else wants to record this, feel free in case my computer crashes.  So we don't lose the whole thing because if I'm going for 24 hours, YouTube is not going to save the video.  Unfortunately, will this be uploaded later? Yeah, as long as the video gets saved.  My PC is pretty good.  Let me know if anything is like laggy or if the audio is too loud or too quiet.  Should be pretty good.  What is going on? Okay, forgot what I was going to do.  Okay, I'm going to be reading chat.

 Just say your Amazon video.  What the? How are you spamming that? I thought I'd put like a delay on.  Let me add a quick delay, but I appreciate it.  I assumed that was like a nice comment.  I didn't read it, but let me put slow mode on so you can type like every five seconds.  Yeah, let's do that.  Make two videos of 12 hours.  Yeah, I might do that.  Once we get to like the 12 hour mark, I might decide to end it and then restart it right after that.  Why go-lang? I don't know.

 I mean, go-lang is just, I don't know.  I just feel like learning it.  I don't know anything about it.  Other than I guess it's a procedural programming language, I guess it's not object oriented.  So other than that, I don't think I know much about it.  I think it's statically typed.  How can you stay consistent? I can't stay focused.  You're going to see how consistent I am and it's not going to be a lot.  Yeah.  Can you explain more on your Amazon story? Yeah, I assumed a lot of people were going to ask about that.

 So I can.  But at the same time, like you guys know, I don't talk about my personal life.  So it's kind of like weird to talk about that.  But like if anybody has specific questions, feel free to ask me.  How many questions are we expecting here? My goal is at least 100.  I unfortunately, I'm already tired.  I didn't sleep for eight last night.  But I'm tired of procrastinating this.  We're going to get right into it in a couple of minutes.  Are you a CS degree holder? Yeah.

 Are you a beta man? To be honest, I'm pretty passive.  But at the same time, I don't like it when people push me around or tell me what to do.  I obviously have quit a few jobs at this point.  So I think, yeah, sigma.  Yeah, you know what? I kind of more identify as like sigma male.  So yeah, that's one way to put it at least.  Okay, let me post this on Twitter real quick.  This is what I'm going to post on Twitter.  Does anybody have a better idea going once, going twice? Oh, I should link the stream.  I'm stupid.

 Let me get the link to the stream real quick.  Okay, once again, I'm doing a 24 hour lead code stream while learning go.  Your face in the photo.  Yeah, that's an old picture.  That's like, yeah, I just kind of wild.  Okay, let's post this.  Okay, what else are we doing? I'm actually going to make a LinkedIn post if you guys don't mind very quickly.  I've never made a LinkedIn post in my life.  So if you guys have any tips and tricks on that, let me know.  But otherwise, let's shoot.

 Let me add a picture first.  Okay.  Yeah, LinkedIn is kind of, oh, lots of hashtags.  Yeah, LinkedIn is kind of be more cringy.  Yeah, that's the thing about LinkedIn.  Like I understand social media to an extent.  Like I understand how YouTube works.  But like what is up with LinkedIn? And somebody explained that to me.  Like it makes no sense.  It literally just doesn't make sense.

 I don't know.  Like yeah, it's just kind of weird.  Is that the person behind neat code? For a second, I thought you meant like somebody standing behind me.  But yeah, if you're asking if I'm neat code, well, yeah.  LinkedIn is Facebook for boomers.  Yeah, I have like the post already written up.  I'm just going to copy and paste it.  I don't know.  I ain't nobody got time for that.  But let me share it.

 Like if you guys could drop me, this is my first LinkedIn post.  If you could drop me a fat heart on there, I would really appreciate that.  Oh, damn, the formatting really got messed up.  Just watch your video about Amazon.  Yeah, I'm not going to lie.  I planned making that video for a long time.  I planned making it like right after I got into Google.  But it's just like I hate talking about like personal stuff.  So that was really like I'm still cringing about it right now to be honest.  But like yeah, if anybody has questions about that, let me know.

 Don't forget to record.  Yeah, I'm definitely recording.  I mean, we're going to get started in like two minutes and I'm going to start the time or two.  So give me a second.  Okay, looks good to me.  Do do do.  Three years ago.  Afterwards, okay, I'll just read it out loud to you guys.  If anybody cares, okay.  It's basically like a TLDR of like the video I just made.

 Have you ever thought about going for a PhD? I honestly did when I was a student, but at the same time, like the main reason I didn't do it, I'm pretty sure I would have enjoyed it.  But like PhD takes forever and theoretically like after it's over, you can make a lot of money, whether it's like an industry or other things.  But like if like your priority is to not be poor anymore, PhD is not the reason to do that.  So that's why I did not go with a PhD.  Okay, three years ago, I joined Amazon after graduation.  It was not a great experience.  So I left after two years or two months.  It's not like me to make a rational decisions like this, but for some reason, every fiber in my body was selling me to quit afterwards.  I felt like I let everyone down.  My mom raised me and my two brothers and this was a job I worked my whole life to get so I could repair.

 But now I had just thrown it away.  The only silver lining I had was I felt reasonably smart and reasonably hard working.  If I got there once, surely I could do it again.  After a five month stretch of struggling, I decided I would make, I would start making YouTube videos again.  I liked solving lead code problems.  So I started explaining them on YouTube.  I did this every single day and it felt gratifying to help others.  The job market was rough at the time.  So I didn't get any interviews for literally a whole year.  And the one company that responded to me was Google and I was fortunate enough to pass.

 I'll blah, blah, blah, blah.  Eight months ago I decided to leave so I could make videos.  I enjoyed it.  Yeah, that's pretty much it.  Okay.  Uh, who's spamming? I don't see it.  Do, do, do.  Can you open a hard question and solve it? I could try, but I will say like hard questions definitely like 100%.  I can't, I can't solve all the hard problems because some of them are like insane.  Like if you guys remember, we had a competitive programmer on, uh, like the last time we did the 24 hour screen, we had a real good competitive programmer on and I gave him a medium, a lead code medium.

 I knew it's the type of problem that competitive programmers don't know that they don't like practice it regularly.  And he, he solved the problem.  He solved it efficiently, but he didn't come up with like the most optimal solution.  And so like I wish I still had that video.  I would show it to you guys like moral of the story is.  Yeah.  Like you really think some of these like lead code problems.  People just pull the, like pull the solution out of their ass.  Like no, I wish we had like if there's any competitive programmers watching this, right now or if you guys know any that would like to join the stream, we can talk to them.  And I'm pretty sure they're going to tell you that they didn't come up with those crazy algorithms on their own 100%.

 I didn't either.  So yeah, are you Indian? Are we going to do this again? Uh, yeah, we got that question a lot last time.  And yes, the answer is yes.  I don't know if you're joking or because like you're meaming because of that, but yeah, okay.  Let's post this.  Uh, anybody have any advice? No, nobody cares.  Uh, yeah.  So if you let me link it.  So if anybody wants to drop a fat heart on there, I'd appreciate that.  How do I link copy? Is that going to work? Yeah.

 If anybody wants to drop a fat heart on there, I would appreciate that.  Why go lang? Why not go lang? Uh, never use it before.  And yeah, why not? Why not? Okay, now I'm going to close this and probably never open it again.  Uh, liked.  You didn't even give me a heart.  Come on now.  Come on now.  Let me paste it a few more times.  Why do you think about operating system? Three easy pieces.  Why? I'm not going to put it in a book.

 I probably have not heard of it.  What drugs did you use homey? Uh, I don't want to like talk about it because I don't want to like glorify drugs.  Like that's not what I'm trying to do.  Who else is spamming? Let's see.  Was that the one? Do you know a man? Uh, no, I do not know that person.  Uh, yeah, I do not know that person.  Um, but yeah, did you do Adderall? I did not.  Uh, I, maybe I should have.  Does anyone do you know a guy? No.  Uh, but like, I'm not even saying this to like be positive or anything, but like I do not think drugs is going to help you in life.

 That's like you can do everything you want in life without that.  And that's kind of what I'm trying to do now.  So you are looking handsome.  Thank you.  I appreciate that.  I assume you're probably just like an Indian dude.  So, uh, you know, I'd mean a little more coming from a girl, but that's okay.  I'll take what I can get.  Um, what was I going to do now? Okay, we made the posts.  Uh, give me a referral.

 I can't, I don't really work anywhere.  So I don't know where I can give you a referral.  Um, how do drugs feel? Uh, I don't know.  Is that is that what we're going to talk about? You guys want like advice finding drugs? Um, so let me just cross a couple things off my list.  Made that LinkedIn post started the stream.  I guess we can start the timer and get started.  Uh, I mean, I assume you guys have a few more questions.  I'll just quickly read the chat for a few more minutes.  Oh, bro, just start.  Okay.

 Okay.  I give you like few minutes.  I just want to see if anyone has any like good questions.  Uh, why did you make the courses paid? That's a decent question.  Um, I'll be honest, I didn't start the channel to sell courses.  I think a lot of YouTubers do that and that's a good strategy for some people.  I 100% did not do that.  If anybody who's been following me for since the beginning, you know I didn't sell courses.  I didn't even create the platform for a long time.  I would just do affiliates for other people.

 One of those affiliates was like EducativeIO and I asked them, they gave me a commission like 20% and asked them, hey, can I have a bigger commission? They were like, go F yourself pretty much.  Then I was like, you know what? I will.  I'm going to make my own platform and then I won't have to rely on you guys anymore.  That's what I did pretty much.  Basically it was just about wanting to deal with people.  I don't do sponsorships that much either and it's exactly for that reason.  I just hate having to rely on other people.  I didn't create the platform until I had 250ks subs.  If my goal was to squeeze as much money out of people, I probably would have done that a lot sooner.  What's LSD like? I'm never going to do that again.

 The only reason I did LSD is because people said it's not addictive.  You don't want to do meth.  You don't want to do heroin.  That's going to ruin your life.  I was like, okay, LSD.  Online people say it helps with depression.  I was like, hey, I'm not going to take one.  I'm going to take five or six.  That's really smart, right? It wasn't.  It was really dumb.

 I think LSD is a lot more dangerous than people make it out to be.  Okay, I think we're going to get started pretty soon.  I'm going to reset my progress.  By the way, if you don't know, what am I doing? If you don't know, this is my platform.  It's Niko Dio.  People ask me, how do I delete the progress on Niko Dio? Believe it or not, I've had people ask me that.  I feel like it's pretty obvious.  There's a delete button right there.  It's red.  Is it not obvious? People don't.

. .  I don't know.  Can you guys tell me, is this bad UI? I know the UI is kind of weird.  It could be a lot better.  It sucks.  I admit.  I feel like it's pretty easy to use.  Like, yeah.  Oh, somebody just donated.

 Eli, thank you so much for the donation.  I really appreciate it.  You did not have to do that.  But yeah, I really appreciate it.  Thank you so much.  Okay, fine.  Let's get started.  I'm going to delete the progress.  Just imagine if there was like a bug on my site as I'm using it.  That'd be kind of embarrassing.

 Okay.  Ah.  So, let me start the timer.  Let's start it.  Is it going? Yep.  It's going.  Okay.  Rules are simple.  We have 24 hours to complete as many problems as we can.  And by we, I mean me.

 And you guys aren't going to help me.  And we're also going to be learning GoLang at the exact same time.  So is there a wiki for that? Or what did I usually use? This is pretty easy to use.  I should probably just have chat GPT open as well.  We're going to be learning a new language to be honest.  The timer's starting.  We got 24 hours to complete as many problems as we can from this list, this roadmap.  There's 150 questions.  So let's see how many we can get.  I'm pretty sure we're not going to get through all of them.

 I would probably have a seizure at that point.  Who designed Neatcode? Unfortunately me.  But, I mean, it depends.  Do you think it's good? Or do you think it's bad? What happened to your LinkedIn? What happened to it? Did something go wrong? Did it disappear? I'll paste it a few more times.  One sec.  I mean, it looks fine to me.  Nothing going horribly wrong.  I'm going to just paste it a few more times if anybody wants to drop off fat heart on there for me.  What back end do you use? I use, okay, we got to get started.  I'll keep answering questions.

 So if you have questions, definitely keep asking how tall are you? I am about 6'1 I think.  Can we contribute? Maybe at some point my code is so bad that it would be embarrassing if I open sourced it.  Okay, let's just get started.  Okay, let's, enough screwing around.  Let's get started.  I already know this question.  Okay, you can literally see the solution on Python.  It's already saved here.  But yeah, this is a really easy problem.  You can see that it's just taking the length of the array and the length after converting it to a hash set.

 But how are we going to do this in Go? I don't know anything about Go.  I read a little bit of Go code while I was at Google.  And I think it's fine.  But the syntax is so weird, isn't it? Does anybody think this is weird? Like, why is the brackets over here? And why is the type after the variable name? Isn't that weird? Does that bother anybody else except me? No, will it be saved? Yeah, I really hope so.  If anybody else wants to record this, feel free to do so because if my computer crashes, it's not going to be saved.  I'm recording it right now.  But yeah, yes, it's weird, same as Kotlin.  But why? Why can't everything just be like C? C is the first language I learned.  And syntax wise, I think it's the best.  And most languages like Java are pretty much exactly like C.

 But then new languages have to just go and mess everything up.  Okay, how do we create a hash set in Go? Let's see maps.  This is probably not going to show us how to do a hash set, is it? That's so god.  Damn, we're already three minutes in.  This is not good.  I already know what to do.  Okay, go aesthetically typed.  It's not object-oriented as far as I know.  Oh my god.  Oh my god.

 Oh my god.  You know what? Let's just use Google.  We're going to do this the old fashioned way with Stack Overflow.  Why don't we have a hash set data structure? Oh no.  We don't have hash sets.  What? Why? Why? Okay.  Oh god.  I don't even know this syntax.  Like, is that when you create a variable for the first time? This is going to be a long day set.  Okay, so a map where it maps an integer to a Boolean.

 I think that's what we want.  I think that's what we want.  Oh, you can do a hash set.  But like, I think I'm just going to stick with hash map because we're going to need that a lot.  And again, how do we loop? This is pretty painful already to be honest.  Okay, four.  What is this? What is that? Oh, it just doesn't have parentheses around it.  I mean, I guess that's fine.  I guess we can do that.  Let's I should really be typing this out because I need to remember it for future problems.

 I don't want to like go through this.  Okay.  I.  Now, I guess we don't have to declare the type of it because we're using this colon.  Is that is that true? What does that mean? Go, Lang, colon assignment.  What's the difference between that and that? Yeah.  Is assignment? The sole difference is when this is used, it's when it's used in variable like a wait, what? Oh, yeah, variable.  Okay.  So we have bar and we have the type that comes after it.  Is that weird? Isn't that weird? Does anybody think that's like why? Why do we have to also say var? That's usually I thought in like non-statically typed languages.

 Okay.  I mean, I guess that's probably why everybody just uses the colon.  Interesting.  Okay.  So while I is less than numbs, why do we get the length? Okay.  So we don't have parentheses, but we still need the curly braces.  That's also kind of weird to me.  That's okay.  S, numbs index I, wait, what are we even doing? What are we doing? We're just putting all the values in the hash set and then we're going to take the length of the hash set and make sure it's equal to numbs of length.  Okay.

 If it contains a duplicate, it's because the lengths are not equal.  So we say S, length.  Okay.  Now we just have to confirm that the length is actually, how do we actually get the length of this arrays? Length.  What? Oh, I should just Google it.  Oh, just like Python.  Okay.  Yeah, I'm just going to ask you guys honestly.  It's going to be a lot faster that way.  Okay.

 I'm such a slow typer by the way.  I should really learn them.  To make this even harder, I could probably do that.  Force myself to use them the whole time.  Okay.  I assume.  I mean, we're going to have a lot of syntax mistakes.  I have a feeling.  Okay.  That, oh my god.

 This is so bad.  Okay.  Looks like it passes the test cases and this is simple enough.  Do we have any edge cases? I'm pretty sure the length of the arrays is always going to be non-zero.  Looks good to me.  Let's run it.  Nice.  Okay.  Let's update the count.  Problem solved.

 One.  First problem.  Let's go.  Only took us nine minutes.  That's pretty bad, but go fast.  Use them.  Try them.  You know what? I learned Emax.  So yeah.  I only learned Emax.

 And honestly, forgot Emax as well.  So yeah.  Okay.  Where are we at now? First one done.  Let's mark that completed.  And we have the choice of solving in whichever order we want to.  So I'm just going to stick with arrays for now because I know most of these are pretty easy.  So we know how arrays work a little bit.  We know how hash maps work.  We know how to loop now.

 Given two strings, S&T, return true if T is an anagram of S and false.  Otherwise.  Are they the same length is the word formed by ranging? No, they're not the same length.  Okay.  So if we don't need her parentheses, if length of S, I assume that's what we do is not equal to length of T, then return false.  It's not an anagram.  Otherwise we probably just want to count again.  Count us.  How do we do multiple variables in the same line? How do we declare a hash map? Map.  Map.

 A character or is it string? I mean, I guess you don't need the comma at the end of the line.  Or you don't need the, oh, you don't need that.  Okay.  So it's kind of like Python.  Yeah.  I guess you don't need the semicolon.  Interesting.  Okay.  So it rings to what? Strings to the count.  So the integer.

 It's Python and C.  That makes sense.  I liked your post.  Now give me a referral.  I would do it.  I honestly would give you a referral, but I don't, like I don't work anywhere.  Do you want me to hire you? I don't think you would want to work for me to be honest.  Count T is going to also be a map, which maps a string to an end.  And I guess the curly braces do something.  Just create it.

 I guess this just tells us the type.  So it's kind of like Python.  This is like a hash map, I guess I assume.  If we wanted to do an array, I don't even know what we would do.  But okay, how do we do a four each or four of? How do we iterate over every character in a string? Let's see if you guys can tell me faster than Google.  So a four each.  What is this syntax? What is this garbage syntax, dude? Oh my god, I hate this.  Am I the only one? Or, okay, so this is like a numera in Python.  Or I value.  Oh, that's array.

 That's array.  How do we do that for a, okay, range? Range map.  Range map.  Is that it? Am I doing it? Go syntax is not bad once you get used to it.  I believe you.  But wait, is this not it? Oh my god, we can't even do a loop.  Why is it so hard? Or range? But where do we say the name? By map, do we mean like an actual map or like the variable name? Because like we got to put that somewhere, don't we? Okay, but why is there a space or are we putting it in parentheses? Like you guys are giving me conflicting answers.  I think it's probably just this because they don't, yeah, it looks like we do that for everything.  So I'm just going to try that.  How many, let's make a poll.

 Let's make a poll real quick.  How do I do that? Or a poll? Do you know go laying? Let's see how many of you guys know it.  Looks like most of you guys don't and that's what I would expect.  So we're in the same boat here.  Okay, I value.  I is not even the value.  It's the key.  Is it not? And does it automatically give this to us? Let's just see for each over map.  Oh no, it does.  It does it implicitly.

 It looks like you can do it both ways.  So that's pretty nice.  You don't have to actually, in Python, you have to like actually get the items if you want both.  Okay.  Why not grab a sheet sheet? That's a good point.  Okay, so what are we doing again? We're just counting the occurrences.  Oh God, how do we check if a key is already inside of the map? Oh, this sucks.  I think it's just going to be painful as we're learning the syntax.  But once we get better, we'll be doing this a lot faster.  What is that? Hey, that's how you check? No.

 No.  You're saying this is how we check.  We get the value and okay.  Well, what's going to happen if it doesn't work? Count as key.  What's going to happen if like, is this going to be undefined? Is that a type in go? Is that possible? Or is it going to, it's not going to throw an exception.  I know at the very least from Twitter that go-lang is pretty good about like exception handling.  It doesn't do like try catches.  Okay.  It will be nil.  Okay.

 That's actually not bad.  I can work with that.  Okay.  So here we go.  So if, okay.  What are we doing? Wait, wait, wait.  What am I doing? I'm not even trying to iterate over the hash map yet.  I want to save that for later.  Okay.  If okay is, we don't need the brackets.

 It's not nil.  Then, wait, I'm so dumb.  What are we doing? We're getting the character.  All we care about is the character.  So I think this is how we do it.  If we want that, we say, if okay is not, how about if okay is equal to nil.  Then we set the count equal, using this character as the key.  We set it equal to zero.  And then we increment it.  I don't know if this is okay is a Boolean? Not no.

 Oh yeah.  So this is false.  Yeah.  Oh man.  Okay.  Then we take the count.  Yeah.  The generative AI thing.  That's true.  I thought I already had it enabled for Google search.

 Maybe just not on this account.  Okay.  Otherwise we take this and increment it by one.  I assume that's going to work.  Okay.  Yeah.  This is going to be a lot of code because I'm so bad at go right now.  There's an R at line five and six really? I thought I'd just copy and pasted this from somewhere.  Combine nine line and 10 into one.  I don't think I know how to do that.

 Oh.  Wait.  What? Wait.  Where do I line five used? Oh.  Damn.  I'm just going to keep writing as if this is Python.  Okay.  For every character in this map, we're going to check same thing.  Okay.  At this point, we'll have the counts of each.

 And then we just, we already know both of them are the exact same length.  Therefore, we need to just iterate over one of those hash maps.  And if what are we doing? We're getting the key and the value.  If.  Okay.  Okay.  Well, let's do this for count T and does not use the same variable name.  We don't really care about the value.  If okay, that means the same key exists in the other map.  And if this is not okay, which I assume we just can do that.

 I'm just going to do this to play it safe.  It falls then return false.  Otherwise, if or yeah, if that, how do we do or how do we do or? If you don't care about a variable, good point.  Let's just underscore that or good practice.  Actually, can we read declare the same variable name? Okay.  It's just double lines.  Okay.  Okay.  That's false or.  Count T of this key is not equal to count S of this key.

 Then we return false.  Line 18 also use.  Yeah.  Wait, really? We have to do that.  That's strange.  Because the hash map already exists, doesn't it? I mean, I guess we, but yeah, we're inserting the key for the first time.  So I guess this is going to be rough.  Wait, we don't need to do that.  Okay.  Man, okay.

 I thought you guys were helping.  Some of you guys are making it harder.  Thank you for the road map.  I appreciate it.  Thank you.  Imagine coding in Go daily in the office.  Yeah.  Are you Indian spy? I haven't heard that one before.  No.  I'm not an Indian spy.

 Make this video downloadable.  It'll be on YouTube, hopefully.  Do you know anyone at meta who can refer you? I might, but I don't know if I'll be able to convince them to refer you.  Why only go, oh my god, it's been 20 minutes and we're still one problem.  Holy.  We're going to get faster at some point.  I hope.  Oh my god, I'm already tired.  Okay.  All we're doing is counting the characters in each again here.

 We're checking every key in count S.  We're checking.  Does that key also exist in count T? If it doesn't, we return false and we're checking that the counts themselves are equal.  Can somebody tell me what this line is going to do? If we access the key and then compare these two, what's it going to compare? Like if I took this line here and just had one like thing here X, it's just going to come here the values.  Okay, that's, that's good because if it doesn't, that would be really painful to write go.  So I assume if we just have one here, it'll be the value.  And if it doesn't exist, it'll be null.  Okay.  So I think we don't even need like in this line, we don't need that.  Do we? I think that's what the person was telling me.

 You can combine these two lines.  So really all we need is that this is not, or if this is equal to null, then it doesn't exist.  Like is that correct? Nail? Sort those two strings.  Yeah, we could definitely solve it that way too.  But yeah, and that would teach us how to do sorting, but I think we need to wait, this doesn't work.  It returns two values.  No way.  No way, dude.  You're joking.  When will you poop? Probably after the stream.

 Thanks for asking.  Okay, I think this is correct.  And out here we would just return true, read the docs.  Ain't nobody got time for that, dude.  Who reads the docs? Come on.  Why did you choose GoLang? I don't know.  I mean, I could have done other languages.  I thought GoLang was going to be easy.  And it kind of is.  Like once we get used to it, I think it'll be easy.

 But I know all of the other, like I know C++, I know Java, I know Python, I used to know C.  Well, I mean, I think I could do these problems and see if I really wanted to.  I know JavaScript and TypeScript.  I don't know the rest of these languages, but like, I don't think I want to learn any of these other languages.  I think out of all of these, the most popular, one of the most popular is Go.  Use C++.  Yeah, but I mean, that'd be kind of boring.  Like if I'm going to do this for 24 hours, I want to at least learn something.  Like by the end of this stream, I'll be pretty decent at Go.  And who's going to be laughing then? Okay.

 I mean, or not you guys, I think, I don't know how that phrase works.  Ah, Go for Sigma's.  Yeah.  Hell yeah.  Okay.  What are we doing at this point? Does this work? I'm just going to run it.  Okay.  Character nine.  Value declared, but not used.  Okay.

 There's many errors.  Wait, what? Variable of type int.  So when we're doing this, it's not giving us the string.  So I actually, I literally need to do this to get the character.  No, you did not say we have to use every value.  Oh, underscore.  Oh, so does underscore actually mean something? Like, does it mean like we don't have to use that value? That's like I'm not going to lie.  I hope I'm not pissing you guys off, but that's kind of dumb.  Like what? I'm just trying to write a for loop here, dude.  What is this language? Like when does it start getting good? Like where's the good part? Like at this point, I mean, I already knew this going in, but like for coding interviews, like you can't really beat Python.

 People think I love Python.  I've never written a like a piece of production code in Python in my life.  I've never done it.  I only learned it for coding interviews because it's pretty easy to learn.  And like for coding interviews, you can't really beat it.  I used to do C++, but you know, I got tired of like segmentation faults.  Doesn't Google use go laying? It does, but not as much as you would think.  Like there was only one service and I didn't have to work on it.  I just had to read the code because Google doesn't have documentation.  Literally, there was a new service.

 It was written and go.  I was working with the team to like add a new feature.  I messaged the person who, one of the people who worked on it, I was like, Hey, can you point me to the documentation? And she just like sent me like, Oh, here's the code.  Here's the code.  Just read the code.  So that's what you do at Google.  That's why like you should be able, like if you really need to, you should be able to learn a language relatively quickly, at least reading it.  So I would read like if I look at this code, you can more or less tell what it's doing.  Even if you don't know the little details, like, Oh, this gets discarded.  And you actually need to do that.

 So yeah, yeah, go is pretty readable, I think I was mostly able to read it.  Yeah, I just can't write it.  Okay, so what are we doing again? Okay, so yeah, let's just go through the entire code to make sure we do everything right.  Okay, if statement, checking that they're both the same, look at declaring a couple hash maps with string map to end.  Okay, going through discarding the index because we don't need it, but we're getting the character in the string.  And then we're checking that character.  Does it already exist in the map, the count map, if it doesn't, then set it to zero and then increment it.  That looks good to me in both cases.  And last, the, okay, then we're iterating over one of the counters and then we're checking is that key also in the other map and also the count's equal.  Damn, 30 lines of code for this easy problem and we still got it wrong.

 What variable of type run? What is that? What? What? Wait, what am I doing? I'm iterating over a string.  Now get mad.  Svelts, runes, you need coffee, runescape.  Yeah, like what is this? What? Like 20% of you guys know go unless you're lying.  Like don't lie.  Okay, we have to convert it to a string.  What? No.  Okay, yeah, I guess we can just declare it's like who made this language, dude.  Please work.  No.

 Oh, that's my bad.  Dennis Richie.  Pretty sure he works at Google, doesn't he? Value declared, but not used.  No.  Okay, we're discarding the value.  I don't even know if we need the second one.  Well, the first one just give me the key.  Is that all I really need? Okay, we finally, we finally did it.  This is embarrassing.  This is just, let's see how other people wrote this because.

 Oh my god, why is that there? Nobody uses go-lang on leak code, dude.  This is not going to be easy.  Look at this.  Nobody uses go-lang.  Why are there links? Let's see how this person did it.  Oh, yeah, I obviously could have just combined these two loops.  But what is this? Oh, okay, they use one map.  Okay, they just wrote it differently, but like the syntax.  Yeah, I guess I was kind of dumb how I wrote this.  Okay, so that's pretty much what he did.

 He declared an array to count it.  That makes sense.  You can do that.  And then he converted.  Okay, you can do character subtraction.  So it's, is it weekly typed? You're taking character, okay, now you're taking characters and subtracting them and then converting it to an integer.  Okay, so that's what I'm going to do.  Okay, now you're taking characters and subtracting them and then converting it to an integer.  I don't even know if you can do that in Python.  I usually convert it to like ASCII.

 Whatever, that's too down.  Let's update the counter.  Whoops.  Okay, to some.  Let's get it.  I already keep forgetting how to declare a hash map.  You go champ.  Why not use int32? To do yo.  Let me do another poll where you guys from.  Where are you from? Because I think last time we streamed, we had like 90% like people from India.

 It might have been the time zone though.  I'm just going to do it by continent.  North America.  South America.  Europe.  Asia.  We can only do four options.  So if you're from one of the other candidates, like Africa or Australia, I apologize.  I can only do four.  So let's make the poll.

 Yeah, we got a lot of, wow, we have people from Europe.  We have people from Africa.  We have people from Japan.  I always wanted to go to Japan.  Nigeria, South Korea.  Wow.  Africa is in Bobway, India, Seattle.  Cool.  Yeah, we have a lot of people from Asia.  I think it makes sense.

 But I think in a few hours, they're probably going to be going to sleep.  Cool, cool, cool.  Okay.  How do we do a hash map again? Let me, what are we doing? It's too some.  How do you do to some? Two values sum up to some target that, yeah, some target or I and I don't even remember how we did the loop, to be honest.  How do we do that? Okay, yeah, the assignment.  It's kind of weird, but okay.  I think that's how right.  Oh, it range, range.  It's going to take me a while to get used to that.

 Is an ECO to paid service? Most of it's not.  We can do some giveaways or something like subscriptions if people want.  It's just like, I'm not used to streaming.  So like, I'm going to be like, oh, hey, Kevin.  Hey, yeah, doing another 24 hour stream.  Hopefully I don't die this time.  But hit me with a subscription.  Yeah, I don't know.  Like, is this going to like take me like, how do I get the viewer list? How do I like randomize it and stuff like that? Like, that's going to take me a while.  And like, you know, time is of the essence right now.

 We're at two problems and it's been 35 minutes.  Okay, so that's how we loop.  We need a map.  Previous or whatever values we visited is going to be a map where the key is an integer and the values an integer.  Did I do that right? Yep, I think I did.  Why do you keep saying one piece? Oh, best of luck.  Appreciate it.  Thank you so much.  Thank you so much, Kevin, for the donation.  You didn't have to do that.

 Can I? Oh, I didn't know I could heart these.  That's cool.  Thanks.  Yeah, how's work going, Kevin? If anybody wants to referral, ask Kevin because he works at Google.  Okay, so don't ask me for a referral.  I don't work anywhere anymore.  Ask Kevin.  He will hit you up with a referral.  Leaving Africa out of the poll.  I didn't know.

 Like, there wasn't a lot of South American people.  Okay, I could have replaced that with Africa.  I apologize.  I just went like from left to yeah, I don't know.  Okay, I'm sorry.  Okay, sorry.  Now everyone's going to bother you, Kevin.  Okay, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.

 Okay, sorry.  Now everyone's going to bother you, Kevin.  Which language do you use for main projects? Mostly it's TypeScript.  Hey, if anybody doesn't know, I posted on LinkedIn for the first time today.  So if you could drop a fat heart on there, I'd appreciate that because I don't know anything about LinkedIn.  I didn't even check the post yet.  I don't know if anybody liked it.  What do you think of Algo Expert? Did anybody see? I won't talk about it too much, but did anybody see the stuff that happened on Twitter a few months ago? Oh, thank you, Kevin.  Kevin is killing it on LinkedIn, to be honest.  Like, I've seen your posts, dude, they like blow up.

 Like, you have like the magic touch when it comes to like just like putting one sentence and it just gets like 10,000 likes.  That's crazy.  Like, I know people on LinkedIn who are like, like spend days like writing up like full, like a five paragraph essay.  And then Kevin just comes in with like one sentence and just drops it and it's like, just like blows up every time.  Oh, the Twitter thumbnail beef.  Okay, at least somebody somebody thought, yeah, that was LinkedIn is hilarious.  I literally just troll and say anything.  Yeah.  I don't think LinkedIn is going to be my strength.  Twitter thumbnail beef.

 Yeah, that wasn't my proudest moment.  That's the only interaction I've ever had with Clement.  Yeah, the Algo Expert thing.  Yeah.  I don't want to go into it because it's just going to make me look bad.  But at the same time, I want to be honest.  It was just kind of me being cringey.  Okay, I'll just leave it at that.  Somebody like took my thumbnail or something.  I like went on Twitter and like cried about it.

 Like, this person took my thumbnail and then Clement came in and he's like, he didn't say anything.  He like posted a screenshot.  Like, oh, you know, I took one of his thumbnails basically.  Not like the stole it, but I had a very similar thumbnail.  I pretty much copied him and then I was like, I was like, okay, fair enough.  I'll take, I'll change the thumbnail or something like that.  I'm sorry or whatever.  And I also kind of went hard on him for no reason.  And I deleted that tweet.  So you will never be able to find it.

 I hope.  But yeah, that's the story.  How old are you? I am at the ripe age of 25.  Damn, I gotta keep doing this, dude.  I want to read chat, but like, I mean, what we have time, like how many problems we need to do four problems per hour if we want to get to 100 roughly.  Yeah, you're also copying fireship.  That's, that's true.  Okay, I don't, a copy is a strong word.  Like, if you're going to copy ideas at the very least, you should copy good ideas.  Like, isn't that true? Like, it's not a sin to copy ideas, but you shouldn't like steal things like in a very blatant way inspiration.

 Yeah, the word inspiration is a little bit better.  But I've never stolen content.  Have I? Like, I admit, like, and you guys don't even know this, but the first person I yanked, that's the word I prefer.  It was Nick White, actually, like, look at the video real quick.  Like, look at that video, algorithms and data structures.  How I got good at algorithms and data structures.  And look at the thumbnail.  And now, let's see what else we can find.  So there's his and down here.  I mean, there's Kevin.

 Hey, Kevin.  And there's mine.  So, yeah.  I mean, this was like one of the first videos I made, though.  And like, that's kind of all YouTube is.  Like, you just kind of, you learn from people.  He told you to make the same bed.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Our Nick White.

 video is good for learning algorithms.  He does Java.  But I mean, yeah, I think like him, him as well as like Kevin, like, yeah, it's just leak code videos.  Like, I think you can learn from anything.  Yeah, a lot of content is recycled, but yeah, people care about like opinions and yeah, I don't think it's like the end of the world.  Like people have copied ideas from me, and I don't like, well, idea, I don't even know what I mean.  But like, if somebody copies an idea for me, like, probably I copied that idea from someone else anyway.  So it's not the end of the world, but if somebody like blatantly copies everything, like the exact way it was done and the content, like, that's kind of weird.  Like, copying ideas is my first idea.  Yeah, I mean, that's kind of like what you do as a programmer.

 Like, you're not going to like reinvent the wheel.  You're going to copy and paste some code from stack overflow.  And you know, then you learn a little bit faster.  Okay, what are we doing? We're going through every number index and number.  How do we even solve this problem? Okay, you go for every number, you calculate the diff.  So I get the diff by taking target minus n.  And we got to use that colon this time.  Like, how does the colon even help? Does it, is it supposed to make it more readable? Because it doesn't for me.  I would rather just have the type here like, what's wrong with that? Like, what, why do we have to change things? Type inference.  Yeah, but why? Did you add a function to select a random task in neat code? Could you add a function to select a random task in neat code? By that, do you mean a random problem? Because there actually is a button for that.

 You know, these features don't just grow on trees.  You know, somebody actually had to implement that feature.  And it was me.  Is this what you were asking for? Like, is this good? Like, is this bad? Should I change it? Should I make it different? We can, we can code, we can do some neat code website coding right now.  I'll open up VS code.  And you know, we can start doing that.  So just, just tell me if it's bad, we can change it.  It's not too late.  Okay.  Uh, we got the diff.

 Now, what do we want to know? We want to know, does this diff already exist in previous? So I'm going to say previous, oh my god, diff.  And we're going to get the value.  We're going to get the index if it does exist.  And that's what we're returning here.  We're returning the two indexes.  Okay.  So index.  What am I doing? What am I doing? Oh, yeah, I forgot to do something.  I should go on LinkedIn and link my stream in the comments of that post.  Just bear with me for one second while I do that.

 What am I doing? I have so many windows open.  It's insane.  Thank you guys for bearing with me though.  Like if you have questions, please keep asking because I'm trying to answer as many as I can.  And we're going to be here for 24 hours.  So if you need to go to sleep, go to sleep.  And then come, and then when you wake up, I'm still going to be here learning, go lang.  Any reason for go in particular, not really.  It's just a language that I don't know.  Whereas your last 24 hour stream, it's not my fault that it got deleted.

 Look, look, look.  Look, this is my YouTube studio.  I should zoom out.  Look, the the VOD is there, right? The video is there.  It even says the exact length that it was recorded for.  So nobody can tell me I didn't do a 24 hour lead code stream three months ago.  The recording was 24 hours long and it just doesn't work.  It's not there.  I contacted YouTube support and like they said, I can't get it back.  I feel like the video still exists somewhere, but just can't get it back.

 That kind of sucks.  Yeah, it cuts off after 12 hours.  Like Kevin, you got to fix that for me, buddy.  Please.  I think you have to stop somehow and restart.  Yeah, I'm really not looking forward to doing that.  I'm recording it right now, but I'm scared my computer is just going to crash or something.  Oh, well.  Okay.  All right.

 Doing a 24 hour lead code stream right now.  To chat.  Here's the video that shows more of the story.  I'm trying to be fast, guys.  Just give me like two seconds.  Get shareable.  Okay.  Are you not going to sleep? Yeah.  I'm not going to sleep for the next 24 hours.  What back end to do you use for need code? I use mostly fire base.

 I know Africa is a continent.  I'm sorry, guys.  I did not know.  I think I made the same mistake last time.  Like we had nobody from South America.  And yeah, Australia as well.  What other polls should we do? I'm curious to learn more about you guys.  Okay.  Okay.  Finally, let's get back into it.

 Any reasons you stream on YouTube and not other platforms? The only other platform I would consider doing is Twitch.  I don't know if I can do a dual stream though.  I don't know if my internet can handle it.  And Twitch is just, I feel like Twitch is awful nowadays.  I don't even watch Twitch anymore just because it's like you open it up and it just adds.  Like I turned off ads for this video, I think.  So if anybody sees an ad, I apologize.  I guess not what I'm trying to do.  Eat the spamer.  Who's the spamer? Tag him.

 Tag him.  Or her.  How is your health? Pretty good.  I don't know if you mean anything like specific by it, but yeah, other than for the most parts, pretty good.  I don't really take caffeine anymore.  So this stream is going to be hard because I'm like on blood pressure medication.  Like I don't know how the hell my blood pressure is too high at 25, but that's very unfortunate.  75 watch 700 watches is impressive.  Yeah.  I hope I don't disappoint you guys.

 Like I don't know what you guys are here for.  Are you here for the code? Or are you here for this like just talking? I don't know.  And yeah.  Go to the gym.  I do, dude.  So yeah, I'm just kind of skinny talking.  You guys are here for the talking.  Yeah, but it's going to get boring talking the whole 24 hours.  So we got to have something to do.  We got to have something to work towards.

 It's one hour.  We're at two problems.  I hope at some point we start going exponentially faster.  What's the best way to use get rewrite neat code and go? How tall are you? Six, one, ish? Why is that a girl asking that? No, okay.  Get with meta and put subway surfers and family guy episodes.  What? What? I think you're in the wrong stream.  I don't know what that means.  Python is injurious to health.  Java is better for us.  What? What did you just say? What? When is the Poke main collab? Oh, here we got we got our first person asking, do you have a girlfriend? Don't ask me that unless you're going to hook me up, bro.

 Do not ask me that question.  Okay.  Okay.  Just watch your video about Amazon.  I appreciate it.  Thank you.  That video was not the most fun to make, but now that I got it like out of the way, I'm probably just going to forget about it.  I'm not even going to read the comments.  I read like the first few comments.  And at this point, I'm just not even going to look at that.

 You hook me up with a job.  I'll hook you up with a girl promise.  All right.  Bet.  Bet, dude.  Email me.  I'm joking.  Okay.  I'm mostly joking.  I'm mostly joking.

 Oh, I forgot to. . .  Oh, my God.  I was going to put this hat on when I started streaming.  Oh, now everything is ruined.  This is why I wasn't doing good before because you need to have the Google hat on.  If you want to. . .

 If you want to be good at leak code. . .  Yeah.  So now things are going to start going a little bit better for us.  Yeah, power level over 9,000.  So. . .  Yeah.

 Yeah.  Red Go-Lang as Goolog.  Your favorite anime? I have a few.  They're mostly older.  I don't really watch the new trash anymore.  That new stuff is just. . .  It's just ain't it.  Do you play video games? Not anymore.

 I want to.  But like, if I get into video games, I just get addicted.  Your favorite anime? I have a feeling you're going to keep asking me that if I don't answer it.  So I'll say. . .  I guess I have a few like Dragon Ball and like welcome to the NHK.  We should rip League.  Dude, like, I can solve leak code problems.  I can solve leak code hard problems.

 But I have no idea how League works.  Like, League is like a different beast.  Like, if you can play League of Legends, you can solve leak code hards like no problem.  That game is crazy complicated.  It's like 100 characters.  Okay, I'm going to change the poll because people seem mad about Africa.  So let's change the poll.  Let's. . .

 What are the other questions? Let's check the gender ratio.  Believe it or not, I actually have a decent. . .  I have a pretty diverse audience.  At least, I think, for YouTube channels.  I hope nobody gets harassed because of this question.  I guess the polls are anonymous.  What gender? I actually don't want to do that because. .

.  I don't want to like be uninclusive.  I don't know what to do.  I'm just going to do. . .  What gender are you? I'm going to do male, female and other.  I'm not trying to offend anybody.  So I'm pretty sure it's going to be 100% male anyway.  Yeah, let's see.

 What gender are you male female other? That's pretty good, right? I'm not the best socially, so don't get mad at me.  I'm not trying to be. . .  I'm not trying to offend anybody.  Okay.  Okay, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Yeah, yeah, that's about what I expected.  And let's be honest, the people who are answering female, they're probably not, like, you guys are just screwing.

 You guys are just screwing around.  And that's okay.  You know, I'm actually also wearing a Google sweatshirt right now.  Like, it's not a big deal or anything.  I used to work at Google, by the way.  Let me show you.  You can see that.  Yeah.  It's my only Google sweatshirt and it's like the logo is tiny, but it's not a big deal.  I'm, you know, I'm just a normal person just like you guys.

 Come on now.  Yeah, yeah, I used to work at Google.  It's not, you know, for a little while.  I went in there and fixed Google search and just, you know, dipped right out.  Let's go back to the problem.  Yeah.  Could you make more systems? How many times did you watch the internship in Silicon Valley? I never watched the internship and I watched Silicon Valley like once.  Silicon Valley is such a good show.  Like, it makes me want to code.  Okay.

 It's been an hour.  Let's, okay.  How do we even solve this problem again? You get the dip, you get the index.  Okay.  If the index exists, if, okay, the dip exists index, if index is not equal to nil, I'm pretty sure we could probably just implicitly say if index, I'll We'll try that afterwards.  Oh, I'll just try it now.  I'm pretty sure this will also work.  If index, then what? We return, we return the result, right? We return true.  And can we return the result in any order? Okay, I guess.  Can we do this? Please God, tell me we can do this.

 I index.  Please God, tell me we can do that.  We're guaranteed that there's a solution.  So this is going to execute at some point.  Is this the whole code? I feel like this is too easy.  99% sure this is not.  Let's think through the problem.  Syntax error.  What? Oh, no.  We can't do that.

 Why? Why? Okay, I guess this is kind of like C.  If I remember correctly, I mean, this is not, but like the curly braces, pretty sure that's how C++ does it.  Okay, you don't have to ask every question with 100 fingers.  You don't have to do that.  Do you think neat code is enough? Neck code 150 is enough for fang? Probably.  I mean, I don't know.  Like I made a video about this.  Like it's really hard to say, like, is it enough or not? It's more like think about it in terms of like the more you do or the better you do or the better you get.  Your chance of passing an interview gets higher.  Like you're never going to have 100% chance because even if you're literally the best programmer in the world, maybe your interviewer just doesn't like you.

 Like doesn't like your personality.  So you're never going to have 100% chance.  But you can get a pretty high chance.  Like I feel like I would, in a leak code style interview, I'd have a pretty good chance of passing most interviews.  Some of them though I will admit, from what I've heard in India, those people ask some insane questions.  I call them like crack head problems or crack head questions.  Some people get mad at that.  Let me ask you guys, like is that offensive? Is it offensive to say a crack head problem? If it is, I'll stop saying it.  I just don't know.  Let me ask you guys.

 Yeah, offensive.  Hey, crack head problem.  Let's see what you guys think.  Because like people think, I understand why people think it's offensive.  Because like, yeah, you're like demeaning people who are addicted to drugs or go into drugs.  But like I say it as a joke.  Like I kind of talked about it in like the Amazon video.  Like I struggled with things like alcohol and drugs.  So like that's why I make those jokes.  Like I don't know about you guys, but the neighborhood I grew up in, like people said a lot worse than that.

 So there's some like old phrases for my old vocabulary that you know, I don't use anymore.  Okay, that's not even a question, dude.  Like you don't need 100 fingers.  I'm gonna time you out now.  You can still hang out here.  It's just a temporary timeout.  But you don't need to put 100 emojis in every chat message.  Sticking with Django or something else.  I don't really know anything about Django Django.  Okay, it looks like some people find it offensive or maybe they're just trolling me.

 I don't know, but okay, I guess I don't know.  I guess I'll stop using it.  Are you Indian? Yep.  I forgot where we were at in this problem.  There's no way we solved it though.  Oh, yeah, that's gonna be a common sight.  Oh, you didn't mean to say yes.  No, wait, what? Oh, it's an integer.  Huh, frickin' go, dude.  Frickin' go.

 So I guess you need a Boolean.  I mean, that makes sense because if like the index was zero, that would be a very subtle bug.  And yeah, that would be a bug.  No, would it ever be zero? Maybe.  What? Wait, what did we do wrong? What did we do wrong? Now you need underscore because unused variable.  Is it? We're definitely using both.  What? No.  Missing character.  What? Is it because we need a return value here? Oh my god, go is one of those languages.  No way.

 Like, I mean, this is never gonna get executed, so like, I'll just put an empty array.  That's kind of weird.  Oh my god.  I don't even. . .  Okay.  I don't know if I have the problem wrong or if I'm struggling with a language at this point, but this is definitely tough.  I'm already tired.  We're trying index minus one.

 Why would we do that? So it just looks like my if statement is probably never executing.  Oh, I'm never inserting into the hash map.  I'm kind of dumb.  Okay.  What? What are we doing? We're mapping something to something.  We're mapping something to something.  We're mapping the number n to the index.  Pretty sure we don't need that colon this time.  So hopefully that works.  Oh crap.

 Nice.  Let's go.  Let's pray that this works, and we can bump that number up to three.  Let's go! Three.  In an hour.  Let's go! Kevin, shouldn't you be working, Ra? Kevin's not doing nothing.  That's like me when I was at Google, dude.  I would just be like on my phone way too much.  I would go to the office like every day at Google.  I liked the office and you get free food, but like, oh sick today.

 Hope you get better.  I think Kevin's, Kevin, you're in like the Bay area now, right? I thought you used to be in New York.  I went to New York for a while, and the New York office like was insane.  I was like, I'm going to Google New York office.  He didn't leave Google, Google dumped him.  Okay, you know, you can keep saying that a few more times if you'd like.  That's okay.  I won't time you out.  I don't mind if people like, you know, talk trash to me.  That's okay.

 Well, you keep the stream.  Yeah.  I'm going to try.  I'm recording it right now.  My phone is blowing up.  New York office is dope.  I was in New York City, but now I'm fully remote and Michigan.  Oh, nice.  But my team is in sunny.  Oh, cool.

 Yeah, I thought you actually moved to the Bay area.  Maybe I'm misremembering, or maybe you were just visiting.  But yeah, that's cool.  Yeah, if you ever come to Seattle, let me know.  I just sit at home all day nowadays.  Let's do LSD and leak code next stream.  You know what? Maybe you can, but I think I'm done with LSD for now.  I feel like, you know, things worked out for me pretty well.  I don't think I need to roll the dice again with LSD.  So, yeah, I'm 25.

 Oh, there's a chance you're going to come.  Yeah, for sure.  I don't know if there's any other YouTubers in Seattle, though.  So, maybe it'll just be like the two of us.  But like, if anybody else is coming, let me know.  And yeah, I wouldn't mind like meeting like you guys, like everybody in chat as well.  That'd be fun.  Okay, next problem.  I kind of want to do the valid Sudoku one, because I don't think it's going to require like crazy syntax or anything.  Oh, this is from last time.

 So the Python.  Are you, are you Punjabi? Yeah, my family is.  I don't even know what Punjabi is.  Is that an ethnicity? I mean, it's a language, but like ethnically wise, I don't know what it is.  Is it a race? I don't know, but I think I am.  Come to India.  I went to India earlier this year.  Yeah, I went to Delhi.  Delhi was quite an experience.  Like, there's a lot of good aspects of it, but man, you cannot breathe it when you're outside.

 It is rough.  I heard a lot of like the tech hubs in India are better.  I heard like places in South India are better as well.  Do you have any tips for applications during this current job market? I wish I did.  I don't know.  I mean, I feel like that would be a longer answer.  Maybe we'll talk about it at some point.  Is working at Google overrated? I mean, when it comes to like jobs, like, I can't really imagine a corporate job being any better than working at a job.  It's true that certain things kind of wear off.  It's not like going to Disneyland every single day.

 You're not going to Disneyland at work.  You still have to work.  But you get free food.  You get treated pretty well.  If you're an engineer, people will treat you very well.  You're like a doctor or something.  People give you time.  Most of the time people aren't going to bother you.  They're going to give you time to code.  People respect you a lot at work.

 Like all the other roles.  I had people like UX people on my team and they would give talks and say, hey, this is some research we did.  It seems like nobody cared.  People would just ignore them.  It was kind of weird.  It was kind of sad.  At least for like that was my experience.  Yeah.  Can't imagine a better job than working for yourself.  Yeah, that's true.

 I'm very fortunate to do that.  But you know, for the most part, I enjoyed working at Google.  Like, yeah, it was a hard decision to leave.  Who cares about UX anyway? Who cares about UX? I don't know.  And call ever since Google for hers.  Are you hiring at neat code? I mean, I should.  I don't know how to do that.  I don't know how to work with people like that.  I don't know how to be a manager.  And I don't enjoy being a manager.

 Yeah, it seems like nobody cares about the code.  It's just me.  I got to read chat and code at the same time.  Okay, I know how to do this problem.  Like I literally know how to do it.  I haven't even read the problem.  And I know how to do it.  Let's just see if I can code it because it's not a super hard problem.  It's just we have to make sure that there in every single row, there's no duplicates in every single column.  There's no duplicates.

 And in every single three by three box, there are no duplicates.  So we're going to need like three hash maps.  Oh, God.  Wait.  I'm going to go to the row map.  It's going to be mapping an integer.  Wait, no, bytes.  Byte.  Is that a character? I thought they were called runes.  I thought they were runes.

 Okay, byte.  What am I even mapping again? Okay, I'm mapping the row, which is going to be defined by an index, which is going to be a integer.  I'm mapping that.  I just want to know that there's no duplicates.  Do I do an array? I would do a hash set if I was doing Python.  But.  How do you, is this correct? No, no, it usually goes after, doesn't it? Bit sets.  What's a bit set? Oh, just the byte.  It's a number from that range.  I mean, yeah, that makes sense.

 But why? Like, what's a run then? Why don't we just use bytes for everything? Whatever.  I guess it's just a character.  Whatever.  I think this is how we do it.  N32.  That's just two more characters to type out.  So if this works, I'm going to stick with it.  That probably makes things more efficient.  Yep, forgot the colon.  Okay, so that's that.

 And the last is like the box map.  This is the one I'm nervous about because in Python, I always take a.  shortcut.  I always map like a pair, a tuple in Python.  I always use tuples because you can use that as a key in a hash map.  But in this case, I don't know how to do that.  Like because what I'm trying to do here is map a row column pair to a array of integers.  Oh, okay.  There are aliases for int32.  Why don't you sell March? Would any, but actually, that's a good question.

 Let me show you something real quick.  What do you think of this? How does this look to you? It's literally just a jacket, a black jacket with a neat code logo.  I can put it on, but like, uh, you can't really see it, but it sucks so bad.  Like the, it's literally just two characters, and the two characters are already peeling off.  It's peeling off.  I mean, I got this like four months ago, and I was going to start doing March.  I was going to start selling it, but then I was like, damn, like this sucks.  Like I don't want to like screw people over.  Like I don't really, like, yeah, like it's, I don't think I'm going to get rich from selling March or anything.  So I don't think I need the money.

 I think I'm good.  I mean, if people want, let's make a poll.  Let's make a poll.  I don't think, yeah, I don't think March is going to be the business I go into.  Do it by hand.  Yeah.  So how do we, how do we do this? How do we map to, you can do tuples.  Okay, but how do I declare it then? Like don't I have to say that the key values always going to be a tuple? I'm just going to open chat GPT in a different window.  Damn, my LinkedIn is blowing up.  I don't have time to check it though.

 Okay.  Let's do this.  Can I use a tuple in GoLang for the key of a hash map? Boy, using a ray don't use a map.  Actually, that's a really good point.  Oh, it's, it's literally just tuple.  Is it? That's not how you spell it.  Oh, Bard.  Bard is just awful.  I wish it wasn't, but it is.  Oh, it's a box.

 What? Oh, you wait, no, no, you have to define your own structure.  No.  Oh, my God, even chat GPT kind of sucks now.  Oh, my God.  This is embarrassing.  When do you think the job market will improve? It seems like it's improving now.  I think now that people are slowly realizing that AI and chat GPT is not as good as people thought it was.  I said that six months ago or something like that and everybody said I was just coping.  Everybody said the job like, squeeze, we're going to go away.  It doesn't really seem like that's the case.

 Even Google, like Google did a bunch of layoffs and I didn't get laid off from Google, but like a few months, like six months or seven months after I quit, like two or three months ago, I got like reached out to buy a recruiter like, hey, do you want to come back to Google? So yeah.  This dude's bed in the background.  We nerds are not that different.  Why don't use an ID like VS code? Well, for leak code, no reason to use an ID.  Okay, so I mean, I would have to make this a three-dimensional array if I don't want to use a hash map.  You know what? Shouldn't he be using make? Yeah, that's why I don't understand.  What's the difference between make and what I'm already doing because like this is what Shatchy BT just said.  It said do it like this.  Well, what's the difference? You know what? I can't rely on you guys.  I'm gonna ask Google.

 What? Is it the same? God damn it.  I thought this problem was going to be easier.  That's why I went at this.  We might have to do a different one.  But we're going to run into that problem a lot.  This one should be easier.  I have to pee though.  I'll do this one before.  I gotta get that count to at least four.  Okay, so this is just a prefix suffix problem.

 And what do we do? I can solve it many ways.  I think the optimal way is actually easier to code up.  We just need to get the prefix sum and the post-fix sums.  And that's it.  Yeah.  But you don't pee in a water bottle while you're grinding.  Well, that's what I normally do.  But, ping will make you smarter.  Yeah.  Okay.

 You know what? I'm just going to go in a little bit of code that somebody just commented.  And then we're going to solve the Sudoku one.  So let's get it.  Okay, so like, I mean, I know I said I like season tax, but like, I guess this is because Go is not object oriented.  Like, okay.  Like, we're just going to use structs now.  Okay, I mean, nothing wrong with that, I guess.  Oh, shoot.  Tupel.  Okay, Tupel.

 And Okay.  Now, let's go through for row.  This is how we do it.  I think row is less than there's nine rows, nine columns.  Just wait until you get to use enums.  See has types on the left.  Yeah.  But what I mean is like, why struct in the first place? Like, I thought C was the only other language that had that and everything after that just started using like actual objects.  I know GoLang is not object oriented.  I guess.

 I guess, I don't know.  Um, yeah.  So for every row and do the same thing nested loops, just iterating over this 2D grid of ours.  And what else? Okay, we're returning true if it's valid.  So I assume we're looking for duplicates inside the loop.  We return false if we return true if it's valid out here, but if it's false, we check if we're going to return false.  We just have to figure out how is it invalid? Try one problem with C sharp.  Isn't it just like Java? I mean, I've done C sharp before, not on like YouTube, but C sharp is just like Java, but a little bit better as far as I remember.  For what purpose are you learning GoLang? I don't know.  Just for fun.

 Yeah.  Rust would be way more funny.  Yeah, honestly, I think I would like Rust more.  Maybe not the syntax, because I think syntax is also kind of weird with Rust, but like I like low level programming a lot more than like high level programming.  Like I hate JavaScript so much.  Just the worst.  Are you having fun right now? I'll let you be the judge of that.  Do assembly.  Why do you hate JavaScript? It's a, I mean, everybody hates JavaScript, honestly, at least a lot of people, but like it's just not my type of language.  It's a type of language.

 You don't really have to know what's going on under the hood.  And it's just really weird and just a lot of like rules that you have to like, that just don't make sense.  Just weird language.  Why do you hate React though? I don't hate React.  It's probably a lot better than Angular.  So the bar is not very high, but I don't really love React either.  I don't really like how everything is like in one file.  That's kind of a nitpick thing to not like, but yeah.  Awesome work on neat code.  Hey, I appreciate it.

 Thank you.  I assume you're from LinkedIn, because you come in and you mentioned my real name.  What do you mean one file? Yeah.  I didn't mean to trigger the React folks.  Okay.  I didn't mean to trigger anybody.  And not all in one file.  Obviously, yeah, it has components, just like Angular does.  But like, isn't it just kind of weird how like the templates and the code? And even sometimes the CSS goes in like one file.  That's kind of nitpick.

 I know you can write it differently.  At least you can move the CSS out.  But yeah.  Don't like nobody hate me.  I know next JS is different.  I definitely like next JS, not just like from the developer perspective, but just like in terms of like the features like, I don't know about like Angular doesn't really have a good alternative to next JS like server side rendering and just like even like the newer stuff that they're doing with like server side components and also like client side components.  Yeah.  I mean, I think like Angular is like, there's Angular universal.  I don't like anybody uses that.  And I think now there's like new things being added to Angular to make it like next JS.

 But I don't know.  I 100% regret using Angular to build neat code IO.  I 100% regret making that decision.  And at this point, the migration would take, it wouldn't even take that long.  I might be able to do it in like a month or two if I really wanted to, but that's a lot of time.  Not enough.  I want to spend all that time.  Okay, where were we? What are we doing? We're checking.  Is there a duplicate? Like if, if, well, let's get the value at the current board position, board, row, column.  I assume that's how we do it.

 I'm wondering now if we should have made these bytes.  I don't even remember what this is for.  We're mapping a row to list of bytes.  So I think, yeah, this should be a byte.  Were you raised in the States? Yeah.  While working at Google, he needed to work with Angular, so he did a side project with it.  Yeah, that's, that's right.  What was the poll? Would you buy neat code March? I'm, I don't not believe the 40% of you who answered yes to that.  I do not believe that you would buy neat code March.  Okay.

 What instead of Angular? Nowadays, I would just do next JS.  I don't even think you need to learn regular React before or you do next JS, but maybe you should.  When are you going to learn machine learning? I don't know, is machine learning even fun? I don't think it's anything like it's made out to be.  Like I like learning the theory behind it, but the actual work is not so much theoretical.  Have you read any of the machine learning papers about like generative AI? It's, it's, it takes smart people to do that work, but it's not the type of work you would expect.  Like encoding, everything is logical, everything is predictable.  Like, you, like given some input, you know what you're going to get out with machine learning, like, especially the research stuff nowadays, it's like you're working with like a human brain or something.  Like you throw like a prescription drug addict, a prescription drug at it and you just see what's going to happen.  Like it's so unpredictable.  Like you're training a large language model, you just throw some data, see what happens, try 10 things and see what happens.

 Like that's kind of what it seems like it is nowadays.  That's not really enjoyable to me.  Like if I was going to do that, I would become a doctor or something.  Are you again with the 24 hours? Yeah, okay.  Yeah.  It's all probability.  Yeah, I don't even mind the math stuff behind it, but it's so theoretical, it's so unpredictable.  Like even if you go look at some of this stuff, like what is it called? Transformers, like the transformer architecture.  People are like, you know, we don't know 100% why it works.  It's just like efficient.

 It does this, it does that, but you know, once you have that LLM built, you can't, nobody's going to look through that.  It's so big.  It's like looking at an actual human brain and being like, oh, well, these neurons are pretty close together.  I guess that means something.  Transformers like the car robot thing.  Yeah, pretty much.  Why do you regret using Angular? Because it's overly complicated, but that's not a big deal.  Like once you get used to Angular, it's not that complicated actually.  It's pretty well structured, but nobody knows Angular.  Like nobody wants to learn Angular and nobody should want to learn Angular.

 It's not the most pleasant experience.  I don't really like observables.  Like I know how to use them now, RxJS.  I know how it works.  I did it at Google, I did it for my site, but it's overly complicated.  I just don't think like when you go back and read some observable code, you have to trace back a bunch of times.  You have to like, yeah, it's very error prone.  You could have some subtle bugs in there and just not know it.  And yeah, kind of sucks.  I'm gonna be like right back out.

 You have to use the bathroom now.  I'll be right back.  All right, all right, let's get back into it.  Okay, where were we? Where were we? Okay, we have a value from the current board.  We want to know does this value exist as a key in row map? That's what we're doing, right? Okay.  Damn it.  Now I realize like I realize that like with Python, I would just use like a default deck for this.  What if the row columns doesn't even exist? I mean, I can just populate it here.  I can just say row map every time we get to a new.  Oh no, this is so bad.

 I show neat.  I just saw your vid, bro.  You need to try therapy.  Well, thank you.  Does he work in Google not anymore? Not anymore? Yeah.  Just came from LinkedIn.  Hey, you do not know what you're getting yourself into.  There's some crazy people out here.  It might be more safe just hanging out and link on LinkedIn.  But yeah, if anybody still has any more questions, feel free to ask.

 He created Google and a cave with a box of scraps.  Why are you interested in learning GoLang? I don't know.  I thought it would make the stream more entertaining, but at this point it's just getting really painful.  Like all of the people in chat who knew Go like left after watching me try to code it, like their eyes started bleeding, I think.  And now we're I'm just stuck here with myself trying to learn this language.  And I'm tired.  Oh, I'm not.  Let's see.  What am I doing? What am I doing? What am I doing? Oh, I'm just going to ask chat you be to you.  How do I do a default dict? Or not even a default take, but how do I initialize that it like that? You know what? I'll just take the long way.

 I'm just going to do nested loops and just initialize it myself.  There's going to be some duplicate.  I don't even need nested loops actually.  Just do this.  Well, I'm going to need nested loops for the other thing.  Oh, it is make.  Okay, you're saying make will initialize it such that it will I will be able to access keys that don't necessarily exist.  Actually, you can always do that and go, but I want it to be like, yeah, I want it to be like a default deck.  How do I do that? Let's just do Python.  Yeah, I mean, I don't want to like clickbait people.

 I think eventually what we're going to get better at this make would do default value.  Okay.  So do I just put a make around this or do I need to change the existing code? Does this work? Let's see what chat GPT said.  I think it is that it's just make, right? Okay, cool.  Where you smart sense childhood, I was good at like certain things.  I don't think I was like super exceptional.  I was pretty good at math.  But I don't think that helps in most parts of programming.  When I first learned how to program, I learned C and it was really rough.  I guess it's rough for everybody, but I was like, usually I'm like a try hard in school.

 So I try to be like pretty good.  I tried to be at the top of the class, but I was not at the top of the class when I learned C, not even close.  Yeah, C is rough.  But I think it makes you it does help.  It helps you like understand what's actually going on in terms of like the memory and stuff like that.  Okay, so I don't need these.  I'm just using make.  What else? I don't think I need the curly braces.  Do I? If I'm using make, I don't think I do.  Now what now we're checking in this row.

 How do I check if an array includes a certain value include contain as exists.  How the hell do you check? Oh my god, this is useless access elements.  array contains and just dot contains.  Dude, the contains.  Is it capital? Our functions usually capital and going.  Dude, I'm just trying to ask like a very simple question.  Oh, slices.  What? What? No.  No way.  I don't think I have to import it in lead code.

 I assume, but there's no way you need a different class just to tell you I get.  Now that makes sense because arrays are primitive.  It's not object oriented.  Is it? Damn.  I'm not a fan of go-lang right now.  It's definitely not the language for lead code.  It's not a row map.  It's like a slices.  Was it capital? No, it's not.  It's not capital.

 Why would it be capital? Slices. contains.  So does this array contain the value? Yeah, basically if this value exists twice in the same row, we're going to we don't need parentheses.  We're going to return false.  Or if.  Oh, God.  Slices contains.  Column map.  Column is a contain this value.  I'm.

 It took you two years of lead coding for Google.  Let's talk about a year.  You know, and you know that maybe that's a little bit longer than most people, but you know, you take what you can get.  I was trying to get any job.  Like I was not trying to aim for Google.  I was trying to get any job.  It just happened to be at Google.  I was very lucky in that respect.  Okay.  So lastly, does the block, which is box map.

 How do I pass a pair? How do I pass a tuple in here? Like I'm trying to create a tuple, which is a struct I defined.  Do I just pass in row column with curlies? Do I use parentheses? Do I actually have to def, do I have to explicitly construct one of these? What do I do? And I want to know if that also contains this value.  And if it doesn't, oh, tuple, we do have to call, I guess, the constructor.  Well, or something.  Okay, so tuple, and we pass the parameters in the same order.  We're doing that correctly.  And what else? Okay, if it's, okay, we already did that.  This means this is, if it's invalid, we return false.  Otherwise, let's, um, update these, so, row, map, at this row.  How do we append or insert or whatever? Access, change.

 Oh, no, maybe we can't, no.  If it's a primitive array, it's not a dynamic array, is it? Is it? No.  What do we do? Wait, we can append? Okay.  We can actually do that.  Can we? Oh, man, let's, let's check.  Let's check.  Let's chat GPT-8.  Ooh, use slices instead.  But, like, can I still use the primitive array types? Should I redeclare these as, no, these are byte arrays? Should I use a byte slice? Because I'm past, the board is a bunch of bytes.  Okay, the other thing was, okay, we're iterating over this thing.

 It has some values filled in, but some of them are not.  Some of them are dots.  So, how do I do that? Like, how do I check if the value is equal to a, why am I learning GoLine? No, reason in particular, just because it's something new.  If the value is equal to this, and I don't even know if this works, it's a byte.  Am I doing it right? Like, yeah, I mean, this is a string to me, but whatever.  If that's it, how about we continue? Can we do that? Oh, yep.  Cool.  Okay, if you declare an array, it's automatically a slice.  Why even have slices in the first place? I thought Go was, like, for application programming.  Like, it's not a low-level language, is it? Like, do we need primitive arrays? Does Java have primitive arrays? I don't know.

 Okay, well, these are slices, whatever.  We want to append to an array with a slice, whatever that means.  Wait, so it's not, we just call a append.  This is what ChatchyPT told me, just append like this.  Like, you don't, like, append is just a function.  So I'm just going to do that.  Volume, tuple, row, column, this is box map.  Do you have any hobbies? Not really.  Honestly, no.  Why do you guys have hobbies? How do I identify DSA question patterns? Mostly just practice.

 And yeah.  I don't, the other answer is probably going to be a lot longer, and I don't, I don't really have the perfect answer, probably, that you're looking for.  Oh, you have to assign it after you append.  That's also kind of weird.  Yeah, I'm not going to lie.  That's also kind of weird.  This is not like the most concise way to do this.  But it's just annoying, to be honest.  I thought Go was going to be a good language.  I would have just used Rust.

 If I knew it was going to be this painful.  That's most of the code.  I mean, there's almost certainly going to be some errors, some language errors that we got.  Yep.  Okay.  I mean, I don't know what to do.  Do I convert it into a string first? Like, like what? I mean, yeah, it's a period.  Oh, single quotes.  Oh, so it's kind of like C.  I think that's, yeah, that's what you do in C usually.

 So it's a bite.  It's a character.  It's eight bits.  Oh, we do have to import slices.  Are you kidding me? Import.  Stop.  How we do it? How do you do that? In brackets? What? Oh, this is not going to tell me how to import it.  Is it just import slices? Okay.  Let's give that a go.  Somebody lied to me, or I messed it up.

 Which one of you is lying? Okay.  So we do put it in parentheses, I guess.  Like, I don't know why.  It has to be above the tuple.  Does it have to? Really? Uh, is this leak code, or is this my fault? How are other people importing it? Do people need to import it? Slices don't need an import, but I tried that.  I tried that.  Slices is undefined.  Oh, no.  Slices is new.  Then how do you do it without slices? How do we do it? Contains.

contains.  Just on the array.  What? This is just going to be me raging for 24 hours about how much I hate this language.  Okay.  Okay.  Right.  Right your own slices? No, dude.  No.  Is go good? Not so far.  Not so far.

 Yeah, I mean, I could write that.  I could, but am I going to do that for every problem? That's the reason I use an array.  I mean, I'm just going to use a hash map, honestly.  A hash map of bytes.  Importing slices will not fix it.  Okay, we did try that.  I don't understand though.  This isn't pretty basic stuff.  There should be a way to do it before go version 1. 21.

 Loop it.  No.  What are we cavemen? We don't need to do that.  We have technology guys.  We don't need to do that.  I'm not going to implement that myself.  I'm going to do that.  I'm going to do that.  I'm just going to look at somebody's solution.  We know.

 Let me close this stuff out.  We know what we're doing at this point.  I just need to know how people do it.  What is your original array? This guy had a good ass solution for this.  What is he doing? I don't even know what he's doing.  It looks like he had a workaround for it that didn't require.  Some people are saying we have a contains method.  We have dot contains But I'm just gonna try it here like row map zero dot contains Zero let's just see is that gonna give us like a compiler error? There ain't no contains.  Yeah, so who's messing with me who? Wait what? Declared but not used But what does the other stuff work? She There's a guy who made a good solution video about this called me code I Cannot believe That we have to do that ourselves I guess I'll do it.  I guess I'll do it.

 I Guess I will Array Array it's gonna be an array of bytes and There's gonna be a value that we're looking for Bargain it's also by This is how I do it.  I Assume so Well somebody just gave it to me.  So gonna go into that Does this make sense though? Wait, what is that me or is there a missing semicolon somewhere? No, that looks right Or is there missing curly brace? Okay, so yeah, just iterating over the array Not using the index of the values equal to the target return otherwise, okay cool.  So we have contains now So can just probably get rid of that Man, it's a lot easier to just talk to you guys.  You're pretty bad.  I thought you were good.  Yeah, but it's hard Like it's like I just hate the syntax I should just do Python like you know how easy this would be for me in Python you want me to show you Okay, I think this is correct.  Those are all arrays that we're passing in Now appending how do we append it? What if it's a static array though? How do we append to that? like Respect for the man who named it go when it should be it should be named go and try another language So Sir being an Indian do you use an accent filter or you have mastered the accent? This is my regular voice.  We'll leave it or not Yeah, I grew up in America.  I mean, I can see why they introduced slices, to be honest, because this is rough.

 Yeah, I can understand why it's good for production, because it's kind of like has like a linter built in.  Like, you can't have undeclared variables.  So, or unused variables.  So I get it.  But, like, God damn, bra.  Yeah, I mean, you guys can start asking me some questions.  This is getting frustrating.  This is so embarrassing.  I just looked at the screen.  It's been two hours, and we're at three problems, dude.

 Can I, can this be like a pity problem or something? Let's just do some easy ones, just for like pity.  Just to pump up the numbers, is this a palindrome? Oh, no.  Okay.  Left, right.  We're going to use two pointers.  While, left.  Wait, I don't see that while being highlighted.  Don't tell me we don't have wild loops.  Don't tell me that.  Don't tell me we don't have wild loops in Go.

 Are you shitting me, dude? You're exposing yourself.  I knew you only got into Google because you're a YouTuber.  Okay, so we can do, we can declare these in a single line.  That's good.  Just like Python.  Okay, but why? Why only four loops? Who's brilliant idea was that? So you're telling me I don't need the other part.  I just need the condition here.  I don't need the semi-colons.  Like, what? Cheese.  Like, I mean, maybe if this is your first programming language, but like, is this common? Like, are there other languages that do the same thing? Like, are Swift and Kotlin the same way? Is it just me? It's for simplicity.

 Okay, but like, like, it doesn't hurt to have wild.  Like, wild makes more sense.  No, they're not.  There's not other languages like this.  Go is just strange.  Yeah, like, this is, I'm not surprised that somebody at Google made this, because this is what it's like working with every technology, like every internal tool at Google.  It's like, people make it for themselves.  Like, people don't even care.  Oh, there's going to be other people using this.  Like, people are just like, oh, no, I don't really like wild.

 So I'm just going to make it for loops only.  Like, every internal technology at Google is like that.  It's so like, esoteric.  Like, I don't know if that's the right word, but like, that's what it's like.  It's just so overly complicated.  It's like, you have to do things a very specific way.  If you think Angular is bad, you have not seen what bad is.  You have not seen bad.  Have you worked with Spark? Not really.  You bashing Google is the best part of history.

 No surprise that Google will be the only user on GCP.  You know, that's funny.  Google doesn't use GCP.  I asked why.  And it's like a very, it's just a pain, I guess.  Like, the internal tools at Google are in some ways better than GCP, but they're also more complicated to use.  Yeah, we use like Borg for everything.  I still, I'm not even going to pretend like I know how to like work with Borg.  I may have finished my work using it, but yeah.  Don't talk about Google.

 They're going to fire you.  That's actually true.  God forbid I get fired.  God forbid.  Okay, I mean, if this is the same as while I can live with that, okay, I'll get used to that.  Does Google have an amazing IDE? That's probably something I can't talk about, but Google has a lot of internal tools.  So use your imagination.  I guess I can give you my opinion on the tools.  They're fine.  Like the development tools.

 Like the tool chain for like making a poll request is really, really good at Google.  Way better than like GitHub in my opinion.  GitHub is just, GitHub is so mediocre to be honest compared to the stuff I use at Google.  What's your next course on? Let me know if you have any suggestions, but like I have quite a few ideas.  One that's kind of in progress right now is like design patterns.  I plan on having like a code sandbox for that.  So like you learn the design pattern, like a factory or a factory.  Or like a decorator or strategy.  And then you have like a code sandbox to like implement it as well.  Okay, what am I doing again? Okay, if.

 Or I don't want the spaces and I need to know.  Okay, there's their spaces.  Everything that's not a lowercase character.  Oh, this is going to suck.  It's just so painful.  Like I just need to convert every character.  Or I guess it's a run.  A run.  I just need to check if it's.  Use Unicode.

 Yeah, but is all please tell me there's a function for that.  Please tell me.  How long have you been coding since some like 25 right now? I think I learned coding when I was like 19.  So I guess six or seven years.  How long is the Google NDA? I don't even remember signing it.  I assume it exists.  So I won't talk about it.  But yeah.  I don't even know what they would NDA.  I can tell you like about the Amazon NDA.

 That's like they just lie in the NDA.  Like they tell you all you can't do this.  You can't do that.  But they're just trying to scare you.  Or you can't like if you leave Amazon, you're technically not allowed to go and work at like a competitor.  And that's like I'm not leaking anything like this is well known.  But like isn't everything a competitor to Amazon? Like theoretically you can't work at Google.  Yeah, I don't think most of it holds up in court.  Yeah.  Unicode dot is letter.

 Are you just lying or is that actually exist? This is a struggle.  Yo.  But according to chat GBT, I mean we learned this earlier, but we can kind of just use comparisons is valid.  So like, I don't know the type.  Is it going to be a run? I don't know.  I assume it is.  If let me check what chat GBT had.  Is it a room? Yeah, it's a room.  Like why call it a room though? Like what's wrong with the word character or char or like.  Like come on now.

 You're so bad you've been exposed.  Dude, you're really tempting me to switch to Python right now.  You're really tempting me.  If the character is greater than or equal to a.  And we do have to use the single quotes.  And the character is less than or equal to our shoot.  Z.  So if it's in but if it's a lower case character.  I assume parentheses are logically grouping these.  I really hope that's the case.

 And see is less than or equal to see.  Then we return true.  Otherwise false.  Don't you have a moderator? No, I mean, does anybody want to mod? I don't see like anything crazy.  I watched your vid on leaving Google.  But what would you say were the three or so reasons that really made you make the jump? Um.  So I guess like probably the biggest one is like at the time.  Like I mostly enjoyed working at Google.  But like at the time I was just working on like such a painful like migration.  Like I don't know if you have access.

 Like if you go and like read the code like right before I left.  I was working on a project and I basically like I would I gave my standup status update like a few weeks before I left.  I was like yeah, I'm on track to getting this project completed.  I should be done like two months.  And then two weeks after that I left like two or three weeks after that.  So I pulled like the classic you know, I'm almost done with this and then just left.  Because I mean I did most of the work.  It was almost done.  It was just so painful and boring and yeah, I was just really boring migration.  Um, yeah, that was kind of one of the reasons.

 Ah.  And I mean, I'm not the type of person who can like multitask like I liked focusing on YouTube and I liked working at Google.  But it's hard to like do like I just want to do one thing all day every day and just focus on one priority.  Couldn't really do that while working at Google.  Um, those are probably like the two main reasons I think.  Is working at Google boring.  Um, parts of it can be depends on like the work that you're doing to be honest.  Like I think most people would have enjoyed the team I was on.  It was like kind of full stack.  Um, I was doing like front end as well as some back end.

 It's more of a learning curve though.  I think like your first six months, you're not really going to enjoy working at Google.  You didn't really because of like the internal tools are just so foreign.  And like that was kind of my first job.  So like it was already hard enough.  And then on top of it, you're learning all the internal tools.  And yeah.  If you're having trouble with go, why not try Rust? Isn't Rust harder like.  Let me ask you guys your favorite language.  And I can only put four options.

 So I'm going to group them together.  I'm going to say C and C++ are grouped together.  I'm going to do Java and C sharp groups together.  I'm going to do Python with itself and Kotlin or not Kotlin.  I'm going to do JavaScript and TypeScript.  Those are like the most common languages.  So let's see what you guys are up to.  Yeah, I would think it's Python.  I like Python too, but I would never want to.  What the heck? What is it saying? You guys can still see the stream, right? I assume you can.

 Yeah, it looks like most people do Python.  So where were we again? Okay, so it's not valid if it's, okay, it has to be a lowercase or uppercase character.  And so four.  I don't even know what I'm doing.  There's many ways to write this, but four left is less than that end.  It's not valid.  So is valid not passing an s index left.  What are we going to do? We're going to just increment left.  Yeah, we're definitely not going to get to 100 are we? Yeah, we're definitely not going to get to 100 are we? Oh man.  Why do you have nested loops? Could we do it with an if statement? I guess we could do it with an if statement if that's the case and do that.

 Because we want both of the characters to be valid, don't we? Your website is bad, don't help.  Why does Python not use mostly? The nested loops won't decrease the time complexity.  Yeah, Go has destroyed my brain.  I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.  We're just incrementing.  We just want both pointers to be a valid character.  And if they're valid, we want to compare them.  After you convert the string to a slice, I don't think they have slices.  This is like go 1. 18.

 So I don't think we have slices.  Is Amazon really that bad, like you said in your video? If I had to do it again, like who I am now and like what I know now, I could.  I think I could have done fine at Amazon.  I think I could have survived and whatever.  I don't know if I would have enjoyed it.  Yeah, I can only speak for the team I joined.  But yeah, I think it was a, like I'm not the only one who thought that team was bad.  I'm pretty sure the other people on the team knew that as well.  So yeah.  I don't like your website.

 Yeah, you mentioned that earlier.  I did read your comment.  When did you join Amazon? It was like three years ago.  I had a few comments that said like that it seemed like people thought I just joined Amazon recently.  Like maybe I wasn't clear in the video, but like I thought I was.  Like I did mention I joined Amazon a few years ago right after I graduated, not recently.  So yeah, I'm not like I wouldn't normally join a company and then just leave right after.  Yeah, I guess the title made it seem recent.  Yeah, that's fair.  But what should I rename the title to? We can do it right now if you guys want.

 We can, we can do it.  Um, on the side.  Yeah, you guys got any suggestions for me.  I don't want to see like the view count or the comments.  So I'm not going to, I am not going to do that.  Just leave it as is.  Yeah, I don't know.  I think that's about it.  Let's see what the AI generated comments are.  This is how, this is how you know why Amazon sucks.

 Uh, this is how you know AI is not there yet.  Like look at these titles.  I quit my job at Amazon and got a new one.  I didn't get a new one.  Like I'm still unemployed.  She, I do not want to make that permanent.  I quit coding for Amazon.  What? What? I quit coding for what? Like becoming an Amazon warehouse worker? Like, what? I quit my job at Amazon for Python for Python because as you guys know, our Amazon is Java only.  So that's why I quit.  That's why I really quit because I just didn't write, what I didn't like writing Java code.

 That's why I quit.  Yeah.  Yeah, I think we're going to leave it as is.  I always say it's going to be a 24 hour lead code stream.  And then I just spend most of it talking to you guys.  Yeah, if it's not valid.  Yeah, we want both to be valid.  Okay.  Now what? If S.  Hey, I can just do this if else if okay.

 Therefore, it's valid.  Both of these are valid.  I think equal to S of right.  If it's not equal, we should return false.  And that's pretty much it.  No, because we have to increment.  Yep, we have to shift the pointers.  So now, oh, no, we do that first.  If they're not equal, return false.  Love your cap.

 Thank you.  I wish the lighting wasn't so bad and you could see it.  Is the camera size okay? By the way, you want me to make it bigger.  So surely there's going to be some syntax errors here.  Oh, no, we got to convert the characters to lowercase.  Lower your mic.  I can do that.  I can do that.  I can do that.  I can do that.

 I can do that.  I can do that.  Somewhere here.  Ah.  I lowered it a tiny bit.  So make the camera smaller.  We want rectangle.  Make it smaller.  Okay.  Can do that.

 Do you actually want square or circle? Let's make a poll.  I hope nobody's messaging me right now because I'm not checking.  I'm not checking.  Switch to Python.  You know, I'm contemplating it.  Do you want to go back to corporate life again? I wouldn't mind doing that at some point.  It's nice to work for yourself.  But it's easy to get lazy as well.  Make a camera bigger.  What? Wait, why do you guys want a square camera? Just to see more? I mean, I can do that, but it's just gonna cover more of the screen.

 So, you know.  All right.  I mean, let me just make sure that's what you guys want, right? Okay, square.  Square camera.  Oh, God.  Well, that's just my jacket.  There's not much else there.  That's good, I guess.  It's worse.  All right.

 There's a way to crop this, but I don't know how to do it.  Show us your YouTube stats.  Two times.  You know what? I'm done asking you guys questions.  You guys change your mind.  I'm going back to circle again.  Show us lead code profile.  I mean, I solved, like, I'll show it to you in a sec.  Yeah.  I mean, like, I solved like 600 problems or something like that.

 That's pretty much it.  It's not much else going on, but I'll show it.  Oh, yeah.  So, I mean, here's the lead code stats.  It's about it.  I mean, I don't know what else to show you.  What's your lead code rating? I don't really do contests.  I never really did them.  It might be like slightly above average, but let me just check.  It's not going to show my email or none.

 Yeah.  I mean, yeah, there's not much to see to be honest.  You can see the other ranking is, I guess, it's slightly above average, but earth is round.  Are you premium? No, not right now.  I was in the past.  This is that.  This is a problem solved.  Pretty much it.  Nowadays, I don't really, I mean, I only do the lead code videos for on my second channel.  Like, can you guys see in this channel? This one.

 Need code IO.  How do you guess so good with lead code? I don't think I'm that good.  Like, I'm not exceptional.  Oh, 358.  Yeah.  As you can see, I don't do these videos for the money.  Yeah.  Why do you have second channel? Just mainly I didn't want to like spam people or with the first channel.  Like, I don't think most people on that channel want daily lead code videos.  Continue coding.

 Okay.  How do we do lower case again? Oh, there's actually a package for that.  Like, there's not a package to append to an array or check if an array contains a value.  But there's a way to convert uppercase characters to lower case characters.  That's convenient.  Unicode dot lower.  What is it called? Yeah, too lower.  I think we're getting better.  I mean, at the end of this, like, I'll be pretty decent with the ghost syntax.  I really hope none of you are going to actually watch this for the full 24 hours.

 You might die.  Huh? Is it because I did an else if you should love a chess game.  I mean, I could, but how did you handle adversity of being unemployed every day for a year unless it had been very hard? Yeah, that's kind of the thing I was trying.  I didn't really talk about it too much in the Amazon video, but it was very hard for like the first four or five months.  But after that, when I started uploading on this, like I started uploading daily videos, it actually just got a lot easier for me.  Like that's kind of what kept me going.  I didn't get a lot of views.  Let me show you.  Let me show you how many views I got when I first started the channel.  I'll do it.

 I did not get a lot of views at all.  And at some point, things just kind of blew up.  Yeah, here it is.  You can see, look at this, like I uploaded this video 1200 days ago, 1200 days ago, and look at that.  Like the first 200 days, almost nothing.  The first 400 days, still almost nothing.  I think that's like when I got into Google, somewhere around here, between 400 and 600 days after uploading.  And then it just like rocketed.  I don't know.  Total view count is like 900K now, or 800K.

 Google promoted your channel.  Yeah.  I think it's more so that like nobody cares about you.  Like, I don't know how old you guys are.  If you're like new grads, or like already professional, but like I realized that nobody cares about you.  Nobody cares about you or your work until like you are somebody like nobody cared about my lead code videos until I worked at Google.  Like now, and they're the same videos I uploaded years ago.  Those videos are made by somebody who didn't work at Google at the time.  And like yeah, it's like how come nobody cared about the videos before? They're the same exact videos.  But now, oh, I worked at Google guys.

 Like look at me.  That's why I mention it in my videos.  I don't know if you guys get tired of that when I mention it.  Like oh, I used to work at Google or blah, blah, blah.  But like I do it because it works.  Nobody cares about you until you do that.  How old are you guys? I'm going to assume everybody's at least 18.  So 18 to 24, 24 to 30, or 25 to 30, 31 to 40, and then greater than 40.  No one cared who I was until I put on the Google cap.  Hey, can I ask a question? Sure.

 Sure thing.  I'm 17.  I'm 14.  I mean, I didn't put that because like it's going to be kind of weird.  I got to want like underage people saying stuff like that.  Were you smart in university? I enjoyed most of university.  Like I'll be honest, like most of the things I've struggled with in life usually weren't the academic stuff as long as I was motivated.  Like if you're not motivated, it doesn't really matter how smart you are.  It's going to be pretty hard.  But usually when I'm pretty motivated, it's not technical stuff isn't hard for me.

 I kind of talked about in the video I uploaded today, the stuff that is hard for me or was hard for me.  Did you ever try to get into HFT's? Not super intentionally.  What is this? Are you pausing coding intentionally or are you just tired? I'm not like, I guess while I'm talking to you guys, I might as well eat real quick.  I have like a banana here.  But I mean, I'm kind of doing this because I'm just trying to like, like it seems like most people are more interested in just talking.  So I'm happy to do that.  Order food.  How long after graduation did you get a job? I talked about it a bit in my video today.  I worked at Amazon right after I graduated.  So I did have a job.

 That's funny actually.  Yeah, Amazon gives bananas.  Yeah.  So I had that job right after I graduated.  I quit that job two months after that.  After that, I didn't have a job for over a year, maybe a year and three months.  Yeah.  Yeah, I don't think competitive programming is needed to get into Google.  So I wouldn't consider myself a competitive programmer.  Why did you go to Google instead of a local company? Literally Google was the only one that gave me an interview.

 I wish I was joking.  I wish I was joking.  I would have taken any job.  Of course I would have taken any job.  But yeah, that's just how it worked out.  How did you know you wanted to start Neat Code? I don't know.  I just thought like, I feel, I don't know.  It's very different now, but I feel like at the time, roughly three years ago, there weren't a lot of channels like explaining Lead Code the way I was.  Most people weren't doing like drawing explanations for these.  That's just how I learned things.

 I thought it helped me.  I was like, okay, maybe it'll help other people.  The way I learned Lead Code was just you solve a problem.  You can't figure it out.  You go to the Discuss section.  That's what it used to be called.  You'd look at somebody's solution.  They don't explain it.  Now it is.  A lot of people explain their solutions, but three years ago, nobody was explaining their solution.

 I would just look at the code, read it for hours, and just try to figure out why it worked.  They still don't explain it and post one liners.  More people explain it now, but yeah, you're probably right.  The one liners are like the competitive programming people.  Should you focus only on neat code and not projects? I don't think so.  I mean, you should slightly do what you enjoy, but yeah, you learn more practical stuff from projects, usually.  I can't build any software.  That's like a very open-ended thing.  Just like can you cure any illness? Not really.  Generally, lead code hard questions are not like the best bang for your buck.

 Usually you should focus more on the medium questions if you struggle with them.  Record recommendations for just software, especially like back end engineering, DDA.  You can probably literally look up the acronym and it will take you to the book.  I love this book.  A lot.  Designing data intensive applications.  Probably we're still at three.  What happened? Yeah, DDA was at my desk.  Gang of four.  I never actually fully read that.

 Do you have any front-end experience before joining Google? Not professional.  Like I'd done some projects.  Not even personal projects.  I did school projects, to be honest.  Believe it or not, neat code IO is literally the first personal project I ever made.  That's not really my thing.  What kind of things would Amazon do that gave you anxiety? To be honest, I think most of it was probably me in my head.  I think Amazon was just not a great environment.  It was 100% toxic.  It was not collaborative.

 And all of that stuff, it is what it is.  If I had to deal with it now, it wouldn't really bother me that much.  That's what I said in the video.  That was very uncharacteristic of me.  Usually, I think my personality actually meshes pretty well with Amazon culture.  Usually, I'm a pretty cutthroat person as well.  But for whatever reason, I don't know what happened.  I just really didn't like it.  Syntax error is bothering you.  What is the error? Is it because we're doing if-else statements? Are we not allowed to? What's the error here? Yeah, what's the error? I even asked chat GBT.

 I just stopped with Go.  This looks tragic.  Hey, you never know.  Maybe by the end of this, I'll have done 100 problems.  You don't know.  You think I'm going to give up? If I gave up, when I started this channel, I got two viewers.  Most of you guys are pretty young.  That's interesting.  R is initialized wrong.  It has to be on the same line.

 It's literally like a letter in the language.  Did five people just ask me how old I am? 25.  Oh, I have two.  No way.  Does that fix it or what? Maybe I didn't initialize them wrong.  Those things forget off-go.  What did you paste? I can't really read it in the comment.  Bongsha.  Oh, yeah, you can just convert it.  Well, that doesn't really change.

 I don't know.  I'm trying to do it at the end.  I think I'm waiting.  Oh, yeah.  Take a look.  What was the error we got? Is valid takes.  What is wrong with this? Oh, it has to have a return type.  I mean, I feel like the error message could have been a little bit more descriptive.  It's type byte? What? Okay, okay, I mean, that's fine.  Then does that, you know, fix it? Is that the only change? What? So two lower accepts a rune.

 Wait, what? Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Can't use that value of type byte.  As type rune.  Can we just convert it? Can we just cast it to something else? Huh.  Any plans for a startup not in particular? I don't have anything like specific in mind.  Huh.  I mean, we're three hours in, like one eighth of the way there.  This is nuts though.  Like the type, the types is what I'm struggling with and go.  It's not even like the logic.

 It's just the types.  Like, what? I thought this was an easy one too.  Like, damn.  Are you flexible? Go is not going well for you.  Yeah.  Where do you get this hat from? I got it from Google.  They give it to you like a few months after.  Oh, yeah.  R should be length minus one.  So.

 Uh, I don't, I don't know.  Like, how are people doing this? Are people just writing their own methods and go? Is letter? Oh no, no.  They literally have to do pre-processing on the input.  Like, I get that this is like a leak code problem, but man, go is like horrible for doing this.  Like, it's so basic.  Okay, if it's, if it's not a letter, that's the built-in method.  I guess we were using for is valid.  Fine.  Okay, no, no, he's just, he's just.  Wait.

 Is he not doing the same thing? Is he not doing the same thing? Calling lower on that? Huh.  Move to JavaScript.  What was the error again? I don't remember.  Was it a byte or a run? It's a byte and we're converting it to a run before we can call too lower on it.  I guess.  Oh, wow.  Did we finally get it? Jesus, man.  Okay, so I mean, at the very least, that's one thing about the types.  If we need a byte or a run, we can convert back and forth.  That's good to know.

 Assuming we handled the edge cases, which I think we did, we're handling white space, we're handling.  The capital characters, let's pray that this works.  So far, I'm not, oh.  What? Oh.  Oh, right.  That's actually my bad.  So what's going to happen is it's going to, because these are not valid characters.  So it's going to not really, it's going to terminate this loop and then we're going to return true, even though we shouldn't.  Uh, solve it with truth tables.  Where can we do the first one? I wish we could find the first 24 hour stream, but that one is lost.

 Okay, I'm going to be right back.  I'm going to use a bathroom.  Uh, once again, whoops.  Are we supposed to consider numbers? I didn't even read the problem.  The phrase of hip-hop, to converting, I guess, and large guys are really all non.  Oh, yeah, you do have to consider numerical characters.  That's the bug.  So I didn't even read the problem.  That's the first mistake.  The second mistake is, there's, there's a function, right? Like is valid.

 We just saw somebody solution.  They had like the built-in function is letter.  And also, I think there's a digit, right? Like is digit.  Is number.  Okay.  So we could have just done that, I guess.  Is unicode dot is letter? Or unicode is number? So that won't skip it.  As type rune.  Yeah, it does accept a rune.  So that's.

 I guess this guy didn't even do an explicit conversion.  Is it just implicit? Because that's what the inline function is doing.  So I'm asking you guys, you guys don't even know.  Okay, let this one work.  Okay.  Number four.  We're like 2% of the way there.  I just quit at this point and moved back to C++.  Hey, that's what that's what people who give up do.  That's what people who give up do.

 I do not give up to it.  Like I'm stubborn.  Like I haven't told you guys, but like when I could not figure out leak code problems, you think I just went and looked at the solution.  If I was smart, I would have looked at the solution after like 30 minutes or 45 minutes.  No, I would fucking look at like I would read that problem like 100 times.  I would spend like five hours on one problem.  That's what separates the boys from the men.  And now I still kind of suck.  So it clearly didn't work for me.  All right, give me one second.

 One second.  Thank you.  You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You All right.  I'm back.  Hope you guys weren't, you know, making fun of me behind my back or anything.  You skipped the Sudoku problem.  Yeah.  We're going back to that.  Did we ever figure out what the issue was with that? I kind of want to do this one because it's.  It shouldn't require any crazy like data structures.

 Can I do this? Make And this like is this? I just want to be able to append to an array.  Is it that hard to do that in this language without slices? It's too much for go.  But why do it like that isn't that what it's like using C? I There's no append in in go like the last person already tricked me.  I don't think that's going to fly with you know that's not going to fly here.  I just don't how can I I'm just I asked chat you how can I.  I have a dynamic array in going.  Oh my God, it doesn't have slices.  Like I didn't know anything about go.  Can we use append because we can't use slices as far as I know in go 1. 18.

 We cannot use slices.  I don't know why it took them 21 versions to figure out that that might be useful.  We can use append, did we? Can we? Let's just try it.  prefix is equal to append to the prefix 1.  Is that gonna give us a compiler error? I mean, I can do this, like just get rid of the return type compiler.  Oh, forgot that.  I mean, we're kind of learning like I'm getting, huh? What? I can't do make with an array or is, am I just not doing it right? I thought we did that in an earlier problem here.  I don't know.  Oh, shoot, forgot to remove the text.  That was problem for related to a bathroom, right? Any interesting game development? I mean, I kind of was like when I was a kid, but not really anymore.

 It would be fun, I'm sure, but sounds difficult.  You have to pass the size of the slice.  No.  But do I make ads to default values? Yeah, I don't know.  Like if I can't do it without slices, like that's just so inconvenient.  Like I feel like I need to like, like at that point, it's not even learning the basics of go.  It's like, it's like knowing the subtle things.  It's really, this is really not good for learning the language.  Like this is actually insane.  C'mon.

 I had to take a look.  Thanks a lot to you.  I will keep doing this.  I mean, yeah, I don't think I can just try to check if a pen exists, but I'm like 99% sure it does not got that I think it works so I just want to make sure that worked, but I swear we tried that earlier and it didn't work so I'm like, okay, am I hallucinating again? What is going on? Maybe I'm getting flashbacks to working at Amazon or something? Okay, so I mean if that's the case, like that helps a lot.  You high, dude.  So what are we doing in prefix? So we need an array.  We need the results and it's going to be, do, do, do, it's going to be an array.  Let's just call make because this time we know the capacity of the array.  It's going to be the same as the input and prefix, postfix.  And product of the array except itself.

 I know we could do this in two loops, maybe I should do that, but so going from left to right and right to left.  Honestly, just doing that with a loop is kind of annoying.  Okay, I, this is how we do it.  We don't forget the colon and I is less than length of numbs.  We're going left to right and doing this.  Okay, and we're going to do the same thing going the other direction.  We might not need these arrays.  I'm hoping if I can figure this out.  Okay, this is going to be while this is greater than or equal to zero and decarboning this.  And this is going to be length minus one.

 Can we see your hat? Sure.  Still got the tag on that thing.  Can you see? Oops.  Just a hat.  Remove the brackets.  The curly braces.  I'm going to push ones.  What does nougat mean? Just like a new person at Google.  Wait, you don't need the curly braces for the loops.  Oh, the parentheses.

 I'm going to put the hat back on.  Yeah, so we want the prefix.  We aren't every element.  Okay, let's.  We're going to be one like our current product or whatever product.  And we're going.  And in result, like, can we just, okay, I just want to make sure I have it conceptually correct.  Like if I have an array like this.  I just want to not mess up the edge cases.  So I'm going here.

 I'm going to put like a one here.  Because that's what our curve is at this point.  And then I'm going to take curve and set it equal to itself.  Multiply by the value at the current index.  And is that it? Like, okay, one.  Is going to be here times one is still going to be one.  Then we're going to put a one here.  One times two is going to be two.  Then we're going to put a two here.  And two times three is going to be six.

 Then we're going to put a six here.  So that's good.  And then we're going to go in the other order.  I think that's good.  Then reset curve back to one.  And then do the same thing just going in the opposite direction.  Actually, this time we don't we want to skip the last guy.  So let's just set this equal to.  Can I skip it? Yep.  Actually, no, I don't need to skip it.

 I can just keep this as one.  And here, like since we're doing the second iteration of the loop, we're going the other way.  We don't need to assign it to that.  We need to multiply it by that.  So just like this.  I think that works.  This one is one that actually we were able to do reasonably quickly.  We don't need these arrays anymore.  Oh.  What do you usually do aside from coding? A good question.

 I try not to do drugs anymore.  Python to go is a good idea.  Start writing a go, making a transfer that goes Python to go will be much easier.  Did you struggle with leak code when you started? Yeah, 100%.  I think everybody does unless they were already doing something similar to leak code.  Yeah, if there were anybody who donated, I'm really sorry if I did not see your donation.  I've been trying to thank everybody.  There were a few people that might have been somebody I missed.  Why are drugs great? I don't think they are.  Like I don't want to be like your mom and dad and be like don't do drugs.

 Because nobody listens to that.  But I can just tell you I'm going to try to stay away from that at this point in my life.  How old are you 25? Okay.  I keep getting distracted.  But I'm just going to run this because if there's a syntax error, just quickly get the feedback.  Oh my god.  Did we actually get it? Is there any possible edge case we could be missing? What if the values are zero? I think that would work as well.  Like even if the edge values here were zero, surely that would also work.  Can I not edit this? Go on now.  If these are zero, it will still work, I think.

 Because then everything is going to be zero.  Isn't it? Yep.  Okay.  Submit that.  Oh my god.  We actually did it.  Holy.  Which one was that product of a race up self? Okay.  We're at number five guys.  Only took us three hours.

 You know, but we're getting there.  We're learning a new language.  So, you know, it's not a waste of time.  Everybody says, leak code is a waste of time.  But we're learning a new language here.  Okay.  We're not just solving leak code.  We're becoming real developers.  Right? Because that's what real developers do.  They learn 12 web frameworks to create forms in UIs.

 That's how you know you're a real developer.  If you don't, if you don't even know like the newest five JavaScript frameworks that came out last month, you're not really a developer.  Let's do.  Let's finish ValidSudo because I don't even remember what the error was.  Append works.  It's only contains that doesn't work.  And.  I don't want to do this because I'm going to get a syntax error contains.  I thought we already wrote this function.  Can we just copy and paste it? Damn it.

 Damn.  No.  Maybe we did.  No, we did not.  Okay.  Wait, wait, wait.  Yeah, we did.  We wrote it here.  We did.  We wrote that.

 Okay.  But then we still got an error.  And I think it was something type related.  It's really annoying.  Invalid character.  Line 35.  Maybe that's something on me.  What? I don't see the error.  What? Your opinion.  Wait, what are people saying? What's your opinion on Punjab wanting a separate country? I think I'm pretty stupid, but I'm not stupid enough to start talking about politics on screen.

 So I'm definitely going to stay away from that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  Can you tell us what drugs did you do? I guess.  I mean, mostly.  I don't know.  I don't want to talk about it.  Because I don't want to like, I don't mind talking about it.  But it's like, I don't want this to be like a drug stream.  Like mostly drinking, smoking a lot of weed.  And LSD.

 And I did cocaine.  How was that? I've heard cocaine is not a fun drug.  It doesn't sound like my kind of drug.  Not that, you know, I want to do any drugs.  But yeah, lean.  What even is lean? Is that like a hallucinator? What is it like Xanax? Have you done Molly? No Cocaine is so fun bro just try just try it coffee is a drug actually don't drink coffee Did you take cocaine before elite coding? I swear I did not okay? I told you guys earlier.  I have like high blood pressure I don't want to have a heart attack Zero with space I Don't know I do not know I am I blind Contains is that like a reserved word or something is it reserved? Contains no, I don't think it is I don't know like Missing is it the fact that it's on the same line is that it? I'm just gonna ask Chatchy PT to be honest.  I don't think I care enough like it's not even about the logic I don't think it's just about learning the language Can you do it to a shot for each error dude? I will actually die like I will die if I do that I mean you can do that if you want I Oh My god So it's just a zero with space it was from copy and pasting like somebody who commented said that and so that's why there's an error really like Like I don't know what to say Yeah It's just a lovely language Okay, so so that was it it works That was what we that's what I spent an hour trying to figure out Okay This is this is reminding me of learning C.  Okay now there's an error It returned true when it should have been false.  I don't know what that is.

 I mean is it if it's a logic error That's my bad, but if it's something like subtle about the way the language works It's gonna be rough So we returned true when we should have returned false like is it something to do with these characters? That Like it's not correctly Determining that like I don't know can I do a print FMT is it called print? And I print the vowel Nice just lovely Print line Print Line I assume it's just printing it as the integer by assume like the ASCII value of 46 Is the character the dot? Is it? Where's the dot Yeah, that's 46 yep, so that's correct Um Now what the heck is the error like? Did I just not read the problem again? It It almost certainly has to do With the squares I bet because the the row column logic is so simple Um Might have to do with like how the tuples work But I don't understand It it honestly looks good to me Which one did we miss like let's look at this thing? And see Which one where's the duplicate where how are we not able to detect the duplicate? Oh god Okay, I'm just gonna ask chat gbt that because that's not even coding You There is no semicolon after return Uh, well, yeah, but I don't think that was probably the error Hey, thank you so much Or supporter Bro, please send money for weed You think consuming drugs affect your problem solving ability somehow? Uh, if they did they did not improve it, okay I want to make that very clear.  I don't think I got better at leak code from doing drugs Okay Just want to get that out.  Yeah, weed affects memory.  It doesn't help like Yeah For the worse are you smart? I don't think so do I look like I'm smart You landed Google after it though.  Yeah, I mean like like I said I didn't do like heroin or like meth Like I don't think I completely ruined myself I only did LSD because I thought it wasn't super dangerous, but it was a lot worse than I expected at least for me And I took too much and I was stupid, but still So what's the problem? What are we doing wrong? Well This is a little bit more readable Rust and no There's no duplicates in the row row row Oh, we're not gonna get anywhere with this.  This is ridiculous.  I feel like this is identical to my python code like If it's not I don't know what is different Should I just chat GPT it? Because I just want to know like is it logical or is it Something I just don't know about go is there something subtle going on? Is there like a conversion happening somewhere? Why go this is making me go nuts.  Oh Oh, I'm so dumb what It is a logical error.  I forgot.  I'm not even solving the problem.

 I'm solving something else.  I gotta Figure out there were a duplicate.  Yeah, so the tuple like we want to we care about the three by threes Thank you for the person who mentioned that so When we look at this how does Do we need single slash or double slash what does that do and go go single slash verse double slash division These we want integer division so oh Oh, go does not have a double slash So does it round down? I Assume it does because every language does so like these are three by three so we take the row and column and divide it by three because Each one should either be a zero a one or a two and Yeah, if you divide by three Numbers from zero through eight.  That's what we would get Yeah, so just divide this by three when we do this.  I'm kind of shocked that Uh That passed like 400 test cases like how is that possible? Does must be some really bad test cases Okay, so that still passes the first couple and let's get rid of this You Nice Oh That's six Why am I doing this again? Why did I decide to do a 24 hour stream again? And you know if this one doesn't get saved like that's just gonna crush me That's gonna crush me Let me just make sure it's still recording right now Otherwise, we might have to split this up into two 12 hour streams Back to back Yeah, the recording is still going As of now, it's like 10 gigabytes long that's gonna be a fat video when I decide to upload that I Dear not deep I wrote to you, but you still ain't calling I know but like I get so much people so many people writing to me.  I get so many people writing to me I tried actually respond to most of them Wait, we're at six now Okay, that's fixed Um Yeah, let's mark that complete Okay top K frequent elements Give an integer numbs and integer K return the K most frequent elements, you know what probably a heap Would be the most efficient way to do this But I'm just gonna sort this thing like I don't even like does go length have heaps they don't have arrays They don't have dynamic arrays, so I'm not gonna how do we even sort how do you sort There's gotta be a built-in package for that right No way, I don't want to see a program.  I just want the library No, don't tell me you need slices.  No No No way Yeah slices are dynamic arrays.  That's fair.  It's just that leak code doesn't support that This is rough how to sort an array in going without slices Wait You're saying leak code does support slices like I I swear we tried that earlier.

 I swear we tried that Are we saying I don't know Yeah, we did a pen Okay, I mean let's just try it I guess like maybe I really was hallucinating or something sort Sort is a package And Does it actually need a comparator or can we just like sort it by default because that Actually wait So this is a different problem than I'm thinking of so we want the two most frequent elements Um, we just want to count the occurrences of each and Bucket store You know As your daughter man my girlfriend's pregnant too.  I'm about to be a father Yeah, how do I want to solve this problem? I'm used to solving it with a heap Just getting the counts of each value.  I would just use a counter in Python Um Yeah, just get the counts and sort by the count Yeah, let's just do bucket sword.  What's the constraints? Let's let's so that's not a bad one.  Did we already do valid Palantrum? Yeah, we did.  Let's just let's just give us give ourselves some freebies.  Okay, binary search.  How hard can it be? Langteles reverse.  I'll try that one.  Best time.

 Okay, that's reasonable.  These are rough.  I thought it'd be easier to learn a language.  If it was any other language dude, it'd be so easy to do these.  Just go learning.  Can you talk in Hindi? Not really.  I can't.  Oh shoot, it's our original mod.  We finally have the mod show up Sebastian.  Thank you.

 Now you guys better stop spamming the same questions back to clapping.  It was Google cool.  It was pretty cool.  I think I'll do it.  I hope you get this man.  I'm your biggest fan.  The name is Stan.  I'm your biggest fan.  Was Amazon cool too? I can't really say like does anybody here work at Amazon? Does anybody here work at Amazon? Statistically somebody might.  I'm not trying to bash the company.

 I'm not even trying to speak for the whole company.  I just spoke about my experience.  I didn't even talk.  I didn't even go into the details.  I used to.  I do.  A few people do.  So what do you guys think about Amazon? Are you guys enjoying it? I mean 100% it's a good place to learn.  I was not.  Oh, you work at Amazon packaging.

 That's good.  You got to start somewhere.  That's brutal.  Yeah.  I mean the thing I kind of liked though is like the tech stack is more fun.  At least for the little time that I was there, like people were doing like AWS Lambda functions on my team to build a service.  We were using React and other things.  I would much rather do that than use super proprietary tech used at Google.  Yeah.  The on call was rough.

 Like even my team's on call was so rough.  The guy was like, first of all, they wanted us to be on call like within two months of joining.  Like two or three months.  And the guy was doing his on call like the on call training, like just telling us, yeah, this is what we do for on call.  And like one of the new grads, not me, but one of the other new grads on my team asked like, Oh, what do you do in that situation? What do you do in this situation? What if you, you know, get something that's not already in the playbook? And the guy was just like, yeah, you just don't know what like you just can't figure it out.  Like you won't be able to do anything.  Like they were not helpful in training people for on call.  They basically just said it's a free for all.  Like I had a guy on my team.  Somebody asked him a question.

 Uh, somebody from a different team asks somebody on my team a question like, Hey, like I'm having an issue with this.  And the guy on my team like got mad.  And it was like, it's there.  Like it's written.  He didn't do it in a meeting.  He like wrote it out on like a certain ticket or something.  And yeah, that's just how that's how it is.  Like, yeah, it's, it's kind of weird.  Like it's kind of the complete opposite of Google culture.  Amazon is.

 And there are some good aspects of about it.  Yeah, on call is good for ramping up.  Yeah, I think that is probably the case.  I don't know if that would be the case on my team.  Like there was just so many undocumented things, so much like tribal knowledge.  And at the same time, you can't ask people questions.  I don't know how you're supposed to get out of that situation.  It's just rough.  Binary search.  What are we doing? Just binary search, right? So if we can't find the target, we return negative one.

 Otherwise, it's sorted.  But we're returning the index.  So nine index four.  Yep.  Okay.  Left, right.  Let's not forget the correct initialization this time.  Length minus one while it's less than or equal to right.  Oh, no, we're doing four.  There's no wild loops and go.

 Jesus.  If norms of left.  I mean, this is just cookie cutter binary search.  This is just a freebie.  There's no way I can get this one wrong, right? Wait, wait, what am I doing? What the hell am I doing? I am getting it wrong.  I'm kind of stupid right now.  We need to calculate the midway point.  It's going to be left plus right divided by two.  And then we're comparing that with the target.  Not this.

 Come on now.  Is the target greater than mid? So target less than mid else.  We found it.  So we return mid.  And if we don't find it, we return negative one.  Why am I watching this? Let's do some neat code.  You were so happy when you got to know I was Indian.  I mean, let's be honest, it's not like there's a shortage of Indian YouTubers is there, especially Indian tech YouTubers.  So you know, I appreciate it, but like, I mean, there's plenty of Indians like this plenty of other Indians.  How was your experience at Capital One? You're interning there this summer.

 First of all, congrats.  I had a really good experience at Capital One.  It's a culture wise.  It honestly kind of reminded me of Google.  The only downside was and it was kind of my team.  Like I didn't even get my intern project until like three or four weeks into the internship.  It was a 10 week internship.  So that was a lot of wasted time.  And yeah, my team, like the work life balance was almost too good because my team was lazy.  Like they didn't even do anything there.

 Like I didn't like if I asked for help, like people were too lazy to do it.  And my project was like pretty useless.  Like it was kind of one of those intern projects where they give you something to do.  But right after you leave, they probably throw away your work.  Like they're not actually using that.  That's kind of what my experience was.  Congrats on getting better after psychosis.  I wonder if I'm going to regret sharing that story.  I love the hard work and innate skill line in your daily affirmation.  Oh, hard work is more important than innate skill.

 Yeah.  I appreciate it.  First of all, I genuinely appreciate that.  But at the same time, like you have no idea like how hard it is, how much I cringe at the idea of that video.  Yeah.  Like there's a reason I don't talk about like personal stuff.  It's just because to me, it's just I don't know.  It's just kind of cringy.  But like I've seen other YouTubers do the same thing.  Like Primogen did the same thing.

 He has, you know, I think a pretty similar story to mine.  I think he grew up like without his dad.  And he had some like drug problems earlier in his life.  So that's partially why I decided to upload that because like I'm not the only one.  And I think maybe there's more people than you would realize.  Like I don't want people to think I'm just like a genius.  And look at me guys.  I got into Google.  Now you should listen to everything I say.  No, I'm just human like everybody else.

 What are we doing again? Is this is this enough? I don't know.  We didn't even update the pointers.  We did not even update the pointers.  Okay.  If target is greater than mid, we want to search left.  So left should be equal to mid plus one.  And this should be equal to mid minus one.  Unless there's a bug in that.  Oh, thank god.  What's your name? Oh, you can find me on LinkedIn.

 I guess I'll post.  I guess I don't mind sharing the post again.  That's what you're asking.  If anybody wants to drop a like on there, it's my first LinkedIn post.  But yeah, my name is there.  If you're curious.  Damn, I have so many messages.  Are you stoned right now? I'm not going to answer that question.  No, okay.  I'm going to keep it real.

 I'm not stoned right now.  I don't want to talk about it.  I just didn't get a lot of sleep yesterday.  Okay.  How about that? Okay.  I did not get sleep yesterday.  And there's a reason for that.  I'll just leave it at that.  Humble bundle.  I don't think I've heard of humble bundle.

 Why are you guys stoned? Clap and cheeks.  What? Let's do another poll.  Let's see.  Let's learn a little bit about you guys.  Have you ever used drugs or alcohol? Let's learn about you guys.  What about you guys? Nah, they lower testosterone.  Shit.  That must be the reason why I have low T.  Do you even left? Damn.  So pretty high percentage of you guys.

 Caffeine is my drug of choice.  I do go to the gym.  Okay.  Just not as consistently as I should.  Okay.  So we did this one.  We're at seven now.  Binary search.  I mean, honestly, can we just do some more of the binary search questions? Because they do not require crazy syntax.  They just don't.

 Coco eating bananas.  This is like one of my favorite problems.  Only drug only alcohol not drugs.  You can't compare alcohol to drugs.  Even if alcohol is a drug.  Yeah, I don't know.  I don't know.  Like by drugs, I'm including like everything like tobacco, weed, and everything that's worse than that.  Not caffeine, I guess.  Alcohol is a drug medically.

 I don't know.  I mean, like alcohol isn't great either.  Like and my opinion alcohol is worse than weed.  100% like I've had some rough days drinking too much.  Like I won't go into it, but yeah, fentanyl and weed being grouped together.  That's something in the United States, in the freest country in the world.  That is a peculiar fact.  You a stoner for sure.  Come on now.  Let's not be judgemental guys.

 Like don't judge.  Alcohol is poison.  It is like there's there's just really no good reason to drink.  That's never that hasn't stopped me in the past, but I think it'll stop me in the future.  All right, enough drug talk.  Let's just remember the parameters of the binary search that we're doing here, because other than that's going to be a straightforward problem.  We're giving a bunch of piles.  What does Coco want to do? Okay, we have this many hours.  We have those piles.  They're end piles.

 That's how many bananas are in each pile.  Coco can decide the eating rate.  That's what we're going to do.  That's the parameter for the binary search.  We want to return the minimum K, because that's the eating rate.  Obviously the values are always going to be positive.  Yep.  The left is going to be initialized to one.  Right is going to be initialized to either 1000 or 10 to the power of nine or whatever the max value is in the input array.  Can we do that and go? Is there an easy way to get the max value? Surely we can do that.

 Yeah.  Well love of God, please.  Please, no.  Of course I can make my own function, but it's like we're kind of also learning go.  And if there'd be some built-in functions for this, that'd be highly appreciated, but it really doesn't seem like there is.  I mean, I'll just use 10 to the power of 9, I guess.  Wow! Chatchybee's T said, if you want the maximum value, you just have to iterate over the array.  Really? I mean, I guess, but if we have to do that for every function, it's going to get kind of annoying.  I mean, I'll just do 10 to the power of 9, screw it.  And now what are we doing? What are four left is a star equal to right.

 I mean, there is a solution, like there's guaranteed to be a solution, is there not? What's up with the white curl accent? Oh, okay.  Calculating the midway point or calculating the k value in the context of this problem, l plus right, divide that by two.  Then how do we know? Now, I think we have to iterate over the array, don't we? Let's talk about drugs again.  What else is there to talk about? Kind of drugs have you guys done? You all don't sleep.  Leet code is my only drug.  If I have a daughter, guess what I'm gonna call her? I'm gonna name her sing.  Bro, it looks like he was in prison before, really? Really, dude? What do you think I am? There are previous 24 hour stream got deleted, don't delete this one.  Yeah, that's the plan.  That is the plan.  It looks like he's on probation, a convict, obviously.

 Now deep-stoned.  I taste test my vent pills before replacing with Advils.  Yeah, actually reminds me I should probably take an Advil right now.  My head is gonna need it.  We're four hours in.  A solid seven problems off the program.  Okay, it's actually Advil, guys.  I'm not doing drugs on stream.  It's Advil.  Let's not throw around any accusations.

 But just because the container is Advil doesn't mean you know what's inside.  Just kidding.  What were we doing again? Okay, if I have the eating rate of cocoa, how do I know if cocoa can eat all the bananas in that many hours? Let's write a helper function for that.  Can eat and it's gonna return a bool.  This is the syntax for that.  See, I'm like a pro-go programmer already.  Pro better prey.  I don't live in his area.  Why would you would you sell me something? Would you beat my ass? Like what do we, what does that mean? Cocaine tablet.  Is that gonna be the thing now? You guys just like think I'm a drug addict or something? Because like not once have I ever recorded a leaked code video while I was high.

 Okay, not one time.  Okay, maybe once I did.  Maybe once or twice.  Piles.  And K, the eating rate.  So many stoned remote coders.  How do you guys? Let's ask another question.  Let's make it about weed.  Let's make it about weed.  How many of you guys have smoked weed? Of course, if you smoke that doesn't mean you necessarily inhaled.

 Okay, like we all know Elon Musk didn't actually inhale.  So it was perfectly okay.  You know, as long as you don't inhale, you're good.  I joined just as it's getting good.  Do people in India smoke? I did not, I don't know how common it is.  It seems like it's becoming more common now.  And is it called ganja or kush in India? Ganja or is it kush or hash? Yeah, yes, kush like the Hindu kush.  Interesting.  Ganja is the solution.  When did this become a weed stream? Okay, can Coco eat? Or unused and pee for piles or the amount of mountain that pile equals piles.

 Um, and if H, I'll just save it for the end.  Return.  H is greater than or equal to zero.  Like we still have some time left is what I'm trying to do here.  I knew I wasn't the only one.  I don't really believe you guys because like there's no way.  Like there's no way all of you guys smoke.  Okay.  Like I thought when I made that video today, I thought I was like the only degenerate.  And I thought all of you guys were like very well put together.

 But it seems like that's not the case.  Have you ever tried keta? Damn, like you guys go hard.  Like I should hang out with you guys.  Like you guys are into some of that hard shit.  Okay, I'm gonna stop swearing because I feel like programmers don't like it when you swear.  Like we need to keep this a family friendly stream.  Have you ever tried trend alone? I'm gonna assume that's like a halluc, like a psychedelic.  And I've never heard of it.  Do you think cocoa is a stoner? It could be Steve Jobs imagined Apple under LSD.  You know, you do have a point there.

 What is with your questions? I mean, I didn't start it.  Like people asked me.  Okay, and I'm ending the poll.  I don't know.  Let's see.  Are you fine with me swearing? I feel like a lot of people, that's why I don't swear in my videos too much because most people don't like it.  But I swear a lot, like just normally, like when I speak, like every sentence.  Okay, let's get back to the problem.  Okay, we're going through piles.  We want to know if cocoa can eat it.

 We want to round up.  Right? We want P divided by the rate that cocoa eats K and we want to round this guy up.  And then we want to decrement it from the time that we have.  And yeah.  Yeah.  Make a series while you're high.  Like what do you guys want? You guys need to go grab a joint right now and smoke it.  Is that what you want? Like, is that what you guys are here for? You know, I've spoken to a few people in real life.  Yes.  Weed code.

 Damn, you guys are serious.  I don't want to make a fool of myself.  Maybe we'll save that for the end of the stream.  How about that? And like, like, I know that most two guys are joking, but you know, there's probably a subset of people who are very like anti-drug.  And they're probably watching this right now, thinking like, damn, I'm unsubscribing from this crazy ass dude.  That's me word.  That's a very small subset.  I don't know, dude, I've met very few people in real life who like, I've watched my channel.  Some people have even watched the stream.  And I don't, like, those people don't strike me as the type of people who would enjoy what I'm talking about right now.

 It's like, I feel like those people have probably turned off the stream a long time ago.  What if your Xbox is watching this? My Xbox doesn't care, dude.  Come on now.  We're talking about Google.  Any drug cartel members here? Hey, thank you so much for the channel supporter.  Thank you so much.  I don't want to butcher your name, but thank you so much.  I see you.  I see your name.  Okay.

 Okay.  You know what? You guys are not making me very productive.  So let's just figure out how do we get the math ceiling? How to get math ceiling and going? Oh, it's literally just an import.  Oh my god.  Oh my god.  That's it.  Okay.  Cool.  If can eat and we're passing in those piles, passing in K, passing in H, if can eat else, can't eat.  Okay.

 If we can eat, we also have to have a result somewhere.  Result is R.  Just set it to that.  I'm a number of turning that.  The max eating speed and every time if we can eat, then there's this is going to be the result.  And how are we going to update? Now we want to look for an even smaller or yeah, we're trying to minimize K.  So we want to look for an even smaller eating speed.  So we can just do K minus one.  Cool.  We can do other case.

 We do K plus one.  We need a fast reading speed.  Assuming my syntax is correct, I think most of the logic is correct here.  Interesting.  I think it's range is what I'm missing here, right? Why do people keep saying I show speed? I show math.  Maybe it's just the same guy.  Undefined K.  Oh, there we go.  So, move to California and smoke the shit ton of weed for two years to a point it stopped hitting me I had to smoke to be normal literally quit at four months back best decision ever.  Yeah, I completely agree.

 Like, there and I know people who 100% agree with that and yeah.  Like, IRL streams would be the best pivot in history.  Uh, don't know about that.  What is this? Is that mismatch? No.  Okay.  So where's the mismatch? It looks like I'm just gonna split it into two lines I think.  Because I don't, oh, cannot use p divided by k value of type int as type float and argument.  Okay, so do I just need to cast it to a float or, uh, or what? Cause p is an integer.  k is also an integer.  How do I cast it to a float? Please just tell me it's easy.

 Please, please, please tell me I can just do this.  Please.  Please.  Really, though, really.  Well, time to chat GPT.  Oh, it's okay.  It's just a function we can kind of call.  Can I, oh, my God.  Do I just need to cast one of them like a normal language or do I need to cast the result or do I need to do something else? I'm gonna try this.  Make a discord.

 I have a discord actually.  Huh? So h is an int and math thought ceiling shouldn't it return an integer? What? Like I don't get it.  I did try p divided by k.  We need to get, we need to round it up though.  Go laying round down by default.  Sealing returns an integer.  What are we trying to, yeah, we're trying to round it up.  We have to round it up.  And we need it to be a float for us to be able to round it up.  This is rough.

 I'm just gonna chat GPT because this is, this is just syntax.  Okay, maybe this, this is what chat GPT said.  And I think we might also have to convert the other into a float.  But that just seems insane for something so simple.  Interesting.  Well, assuming I'm doing this right.  Okay.  So it's just a lot of weird syntax stuff.  If you want to round up, is there really a way I could do that without all this BS? Like in Python, I would have just taken the ceiling.  We can't add one.

 We need the remainder, I think.  So I'm pretty sure this is the best way to do it.  I mean, if somebody else has a better way, let me know.  But you can't just divide it and then add one because you would need to know if there was a remainder or not.  Okay, plus K minus one divided by K.  A P plus K minus one divided by K.  Yeah, I think that would work.  I don't know, I think my brain is too fried to do math.  Well, either way, I think we have this done.  It's a sweet.

 Well, if we can get to a modest 50 problem solved, you know, I think I can be happy with that.  Honestly, part of it that's tiring isn't just doing the code.  Like, I'm pretty introverted.  So like, even just like talking for 24 hours is a lot more tiring than you would expect.  Hopefully, golang generics come to this dog water math module casting.  Everything is painful.  You're role in Google.  I was L3 when I joined.  I was new grad.  I was L4 when I left.

 Is it a non stop stream? Yep.  I spend the fan.  Sure.  We.  Oh, you can't see.  Oh, no, you can't see.  I'm going to talk about what you worked on at Google.  Okay, I'll give you a very, I've been planning on making videos about it.  But I'll give you guys, you know, the 400 of you who are watching right now, I'll give you a very small sneak peak on what I worked on at Google.  I worked in Google Cloud.

 I've said that before.  And can I say the product? I guess I might as well, but yeah, this is just a secret between us.  Okay, don't go around telling the whole world about this.  So I'm actually moving the camera.  Yeah, don't go around telling the whole world, but this is what I worked on at Google.  This is the service that I worked on at Google.  I worked on data flow.  Have you guys heard of it? Probably not.  420.  Yeah.

 I worked on Cloud Data Flow.  It's kind of an alternative to a spark and an alternative to flink.  It's kind of like it's unified stream and batch processing.  And it's okay if you don't understand what it does because half the people who worked on it didn't understand what it was because it's a complicated product.  And yeah, that's what it's like working in cloud.  The products are really complicated.  And you know, I, during my time at Google, I don't think I spoke to a single customer.  And I think that's kind of like a cultural problem about Google.  Like it's almost like they take it a little too easy in some cases.  And I think probably at Amazon, that wouldn't be the case.

 Maybe I'm wrong.  I don't know.  But yeah, like technically the tech behind Google technologies is really good.  Like a lot of the people at Google are really, really smart.  Like they built this thing and it's really, really great.  It's just not popular.  It just happens to be that spark.  Like Google is not great at like making things that everybody else wants to use.  Yeah, it's super niche.  Like you really have to understand the use case of customers.

 And if you don't talk to customers, you're not really going to understand what problems they're trying to solve.  And I can't talk about this.  But I worked on some things while I was at Google of a part of like, you know, and this is common.  Like you'll work on features.  You'll work on projects.  And those projects get scrapped.  They don't launch.  And that's kind of one of the things that I did at Google.  Some of the things I did are never going to launch.  And that's just how it is.

 Did my chat freeze? Are you guys still there? Please tell me it did not crash.  Please tell me it did not crash.  Okay, it's working.  Okay, thank God.  Oh my God.  I was going to have a heart attack.  Okay.  Yeah, I think I must have missed the messages then.  If anybody had any questions.  I think their search engine is okay.

 And they don't even use GCP internally.  Yeah, they definitely talked to customers.  I didn't.  I think they have like people dedicated to that.  Like maybe higher level people were doing that.  And who knows? Maybe like I had no need to talk to customers anyway.  I don't have a question.  I'm running like I'm trying to go call the busier.  And it was not dog freeing.  Yeah, that's also 100% true.

 It's not really dog like I worked on cloud data flow.  And I'll tell you right now, I'm not the only one.  But like me and a significant number of people have never written like a pipeline with data flow.  Or the open source thing behind it was called Apache Beam.  Many people never used it.  It's kind of hard to understand the product when you're not using it.  Like I think in life you can learn like working at Google, you learn a lot of things that are good to do.  And there's a lot of things you learn that are not good to do as well.  How did you test? Well, I mean, there's a lot of testing at Google like that.  There's no shortage of testing.

 So yeah.  I'm going to have to time you out.  Unfortunately.  How do you get offer from Google? The better question would be how did I get the interview? And that was kind of mostly luck.  But yeah, I got the offer by just being pretty decent at coding interviews, I think.  What is your next course? I'm not 100% sure, but I think design patterns probably sometime next month.  But there's a few courses I've planned.  It's just that they take a lot of time.  I wish I could make more of them.  But if I like work on courses, then I'm not uploading YouTube videos.

 And that's, I don't really like doing that.  But if I'm doing too much YouTube, then I'm not making courses.  And yeah, it's kind of a balance.  Microsoft is great at copying open source technologies.  So is Amazon is Amazon is pretty good at that.  Maybe Google does the same thing, but I didn't really notice that.  Does Google insist on freshers learning new technologies? Yeah, I mean, culture wise, like you're not expected generally speaking, especially for fresh freshers or like, you know, new grads are not expected to like know about any particular technology, just like fundamentals and things like that.  I'm getting a phone call, so I'll be right back.  But yeah, give me like two seconds.  Thank you.

 You You you Hey, yeah, I'm just gonna be eating some nuts some of these nuts.  Because Henry has to love bush hut I did not.  God damn it.  I shouldn't have made that video.  It's peanut, dude.  It's not anything else.  What question did they ask you in the Google interview? Definitely can't say that.  I mean, I vaguely remember one problem.  But there was one problem.  It was insane.

 I won't tell you what the problem was because I don't even remember it.  All I remember is the solution vaguely.  It was crazy.  Have you ever had to do a nested binary search problem before? Like nested binary search? Maybe actually for this problem, you kind of have to search a 2D matrix.  I don't even know for sure though.  But this problem was a nested binary search problem you had to do.  Before you even do the binary search, you had to do some pre-processing.  I don't remember what it was.  It was like hashing or prefix sums.  I think it was that.

 And like monotonic something.  I think it was a monotonic stack.  Like insane.  I don't even know how I came up with a less efficient solution.  And the guy was like, okay, can you do better? And I was like, I don't know if I can.  I was looking at and he's like, it's okay.  We have time.  We have 20 minutes left.  And I was like, is he serious? Like, what does he want? I already solved the problem.  And he's like, no, no.

 He keep going.  And he gave me like a very, very small hint.  Like he just said you can maybe do some pre-processing.  And yeah.  And I just like, yeah, like I just struggled with it for a while.  And eventually like I was like, okay, I kind of have the idea.  And I explained it to him.  He's like, yeah, that'll work.  I don't think I finished coding it up though.  What's your academic background? I had a computer science degree from an average state school.

 Let me actually show you real quick.  This will be an easy way to get more followers on LinkedIn.  Shit.  I hope I don't get notifications that I don't want to like leak anything that I shouldn't leak.  That's you can see my LinkedIn is popping off right now.  Uh damn.  I got a lot of followers today.  That's nuts.  Hey, if you're not following me on LinkedIn, follow me.  Yeah, buddy.

 But yeah, this is my, uh, this is my background.  There's not much here.  I didn't put Amazon on there.  I don't know.  Should I put Amazon? Washington State is good.  It's a good state college.  Like it's a good public school.  But it's not super prestigious.  Like it's not as good as university of Washington.  Um, I should put Amazon on there.

 I was only there for two months though.  Like even when I applied to Google and I apply, I was applying to other jobs, I didn't put Amazon on there because if I have two months of experience at Amazon, you know, it doesn't look good.  Either people are going to think I got fired or people are going to think I quit and neither of those are good.  So I didn't do that.  Um, yeah.  It is what it is.  Do you think college for CS is worth it? I think in my case, it was worth it.  I slithered into your DMs.  Hey, is that the real melky? Hey, how's it going? An actual streamer.  You could probably teach me how to do it in a stream.

 Like I don't really know what I'm doing at this point.  I thought, and you could probably teach me about Go Lang.  Yeah, like we finally have a Go expert, guys.  He can tell me why my code is shit.  You're killing it.  I appreciate it.  Thank you.  Yeah, go check out melky, guys.  Like if you want to learn Go Lang, don't learn it from me.  Learn it from him.

 Yeah, I got to, I definitely got to check my DMs because I started streaming like right after I made that video.  And I think I've been getting quite a few messages.  So I probably have a lot to respond to.  I'll probably do that either at the end of this stream or after I wake up, check your discord.  Unless there's like something crazy on there, I don't know if I should.  There's going to be a lot of notifications.  Actually, should I, I don't think I even announced the stream on discord.  I probably should have done that.  I think at this point, everybody already knows.  You love the video.

 One of your favorites.  I appreciate it.  Thank you.  As much as I cringed making that video, I'm probably never going to watch it now.  And I'll probably go through the comments once and then probably just forget I made that video because that was a weird one.  What are you usually eating today? Uh, not good food.  I eat like fast food a lot.  And I don't even mean like the good fast food, like the healthy stuff.  I eat like McDonald's and Taco Bell.  Yeah.

 Yeah.  It was an inspiring video.  Yeah, I appreciate it.  I wanted to just kind of, I don't know, show you like the other side that usually people don't talk about, but it's not, it's not usually me to do that.  I don't really like talking about myself.  And now that I open that can of worms, you guys are just kind of like a drug addict or something.  Not that I mind that.  I think that's funny.  I mean, to be fair, like after you've solved like 500 leak code problems, who doesn't want to like do some drugs after that? Like that's how you recover.  Do you collect points using the McDonald's app? Of course.

 Of course I do.  How is the food at Google? It's not like the best.  Okay.  I prefer McDonald's, but most people would probably say it's pretty good at Google.  Like the ingredients are pretty high quality.  But for some reason, it's like some of those chefs just don't know how to cook.  I, I just don't get it.  Like they'll take like these really good quality cuts of meat and just like butcher it.  It's just so bad.  I hate vegetables.

 I don't hate them, but I don't like most of them.  What are we even doing at this point? Okay, this problem can't be too hard.  This problem can't be too hard.  It's a two-pointer problem.  So best time to buy and sell a stock.  So basically, as we iterate over the array, we consider every single price as a potential sell date.  Every four R in, is it range? No, it's equal range prices.  We did not do this problem already.  There's no way.  Yeah, we did not.

 I put it in the sliding window category, but people have corrected me.  Yes, it's technically a two-pointer problem.  So yeah.  You smoke siggy? No, I don't know.  These smoke cigarettes.  I know people do.  And thankfully, I've never got into that.  Are you going to make a discrete math playlist? I really, really want to.  I don't know if people would care about it, but I genuinely want to, because I actually enjoy math quite a lot.  And I think it helps a lot.

 Like I don't think I would be as good as I am at leak code.  And I'm not great, but I would be a lot worse at leak code if I wasn't decent at discrete math.  Are you good at proofs? I used to be.  I love math proofs.  I love, I know very little about this, but I loved real analysis.  Absalom Delta proofs.  I love that stuff.  It's so interesting to me, but I'm not great at it.  And I have not done any of that in years.  What are we doing again? Yeah, so we have a left pointer as well.

 We want to consider yeah.  We want to consider every price as a potential sell date.  We want to return the max profit.  So this is also zero.  discrete math.  Are you guys want that? People always say that.  And then sometimes the videos don't get a lot of views, but you know what? I'll live with that.  I don't care too much about the views.  So I'll probably do some math stuff at some point.  I just don't know how time consuming it's going to be because if it takes a lot of time, I don't know if it's worth it then, but I'll at least make some content on that.

 Oh, can't wait for your collab with UWCSC.  Yeah, I can't wait for that either.  I'm so surprised I got invited to that.  Okay, for people who don't know, let me look it up real quick.  University.  So in Washington state, which is where I'm from, there's two big universities.  University of Washington has an acceptance rate of like 50%.  It's like one of the best colleges, the one of the best public schools for computer science.  And then there's Washington state university, quite a higher acceptance rate.  And you know, you get a you get a good education here.

 What is that telling me to turn on? You get a good education at Washington state.  This is where I went to, but it's known as kind of a party school.  Like I feel like half the people who go there just go there to watch the football games.  Good for them, but you know, it's yeah, that's just how it is.  And I applied to UW.  I did not get accepted because that was a bad student in high school.  I did not get accepted here.  And now, uh, next month at some point, now I'm going to be talking to the computer science club at, uh, it turns.  Yeah, I'm going to be talking to the computer science club at University of Washington.  That's going to be pretty fun.

 I'm going to get to experience what it's like being a UW student.  So if you go to this college, you know, I'll see you there.  I hope to see you there.  Um, and, uh, yeah, that'll be fun.  My brother went to this school actually.  So I did go there a little bit like I visited it once.  Uh, yeah.  What are we doing? Uh, we always want left to point at the minimum.  So if, uh, prices at index left or at the current index is less than prices at left, we don't need the, uh, uh, parentheses.  And then left will be right.

 Okay.  I don't think it matters if we put this before or after the next code that we're about to write, but I could be wrong.  Um, I would go to UW, but Berkeley is preferred.  I didn't know you were from Seattle.  I'm also from Greater Seattle.  Cool.  Yeah, I'm actually, I've ever spoken to Clement.  I had one brief, uh, Twitter, Twitter interaction with them.  Uh, but yeah, like I'm in Seattle area for people who don't know.  I've actually been, like, I'm pretty introverted, but I've now that I don't have a job, it does get kind of lonely.

 So I tried to like meet people, anybody who's willing to meet.  That's how I got invited to the, uh, UW talk as well.  I met with like a student who goes to UW and yeah, so, uh, maybe I'll do like a meetup or something in Seattle at some point.  If anybody's interested in that, do you play tennis? No, but it seems like a fun sport.  Oh, you remember that interaction with Clement.  Yeah, that's not, that was not my proudest moment.  I can admit that.  Um, what are we doing? Okay.  Yeah.  It's, okay.

 At some point, we have to calculate the max profit.  And please just let there be a math dot max function.  Please let this.  Exactly.  the profit prices of right minus prices of left.  What are we returning? If you cannot achieve any profit, zero.  So that's a fine default value to have there.  There is max, but it's in what? The cleared but not used.  What? The cleared but not used.  Cannot use result, variable of type int as float and argument.

 There's no way.  There's just no way.  It does exist, but it's a float.  Does it need to be lowercase? I don't think that's it.  What? Yeah, so that's not it.  So it needs to be, aren't these both integers? They need to be floats.  It only supports float.  What? Like, oh man.  No, dude.  I'm just going to do the if statement then screw it.

 If this is larger than result, then result is going to be that.  Why, though, like.  Like, why? God, why? What did I do to deserve this? How good of a student were you at Wazu at WSU? I was a pretty good student.  I think I enjoyed it a lot more as I enjoyed the schoolwork.  I enjoyed like learning about computer science.  I enjoyed college, like, the stuff that you learn in college a lot more than the work that you do as a real engineer.  I think I'm more of like an academia person.  Okay, number nine.  Let's go.  Yeah, I like theoretical stuff.

 I'm not, I'm not really a builder myself.  I don't really like building stuff.  Doesn't really do anything for me.  Two pointers or a silent window.  I mean, let's just keep doing these.  They can't be that bad, right? I already know how to solve this problem.  The question is, can I write some go code to do it? League code is better than projects.  I mean, for me, it's more fun.  I don't know if it's the smartest thing to do.  I don't know.

 Is Google a better company to work for than Amazon? It's subjective.  Like, I don't know.  People will give you different answers, but my experience was better at Google.  Not really the smartest, but yeah, way more fun than fixing configs for your project.  Yeah.  Hey, big box, we, I love your channel, dude.  You like started it so recently and it's like blown up.  I love those videos.  Yeah, it's awesome.  I saw you said you're gonna like, at some point you're gonna stop posting because you don't want to like be too repetitive.

 I thought that was interesting.  Yeah, I don't know if you're gonna like pivot to something else, but like, yeah, I would love to like keep watching your videos.  If you guys know this person, definitely check his channel out.  If you don't know him, check his channel out.  It's really good.  Yeah, I mean, I think like for some people, people just, some people just like having like consistent motivation, motivational stuff.  That's not really like my like strength, but I think you do it very, very well.  What are we doing again? Okay, this problem.  How do we do this? I go, we're finding the longest window, finding the length of the longest substring without repeating characters.  So we're gonna need a hash map.

 Let's just call it window and map.  I don't, honestly, I don't remember when we're iterating over a string.  Like four.  That's not.  That's not from smoking weed.  That's not from smoking weed.  I swear.  I swear.  Okay.  Okay.

 Okay, let's get the index character in string.  Not in for using this.  And.  Yeah, so is this character a bite or a rune? I don't remember.  I don't, does it matter? Probably.  I don't know.  Is it a bite or a rune? Can somebody just tell me maybe one of the other problems we did? Looks like it's a rune.  It's a bite.  I mean, last time we did rune.  So.

 That's.  Don't tell me it's a bite.  Like how did we do rune last time? It just doesn't, maybe runes can be implicitly converted to bites, but not the other way around.  Maybe that.  Well, I'll take your guys' advice.  Well, make it a bite.  And we're mapping it to an index.  Do we want to make this? No, I don't think we need to make it.  We don't need to wrap it and make.  What the hell is a rune? Yeah.

 That's.  That's what I'm wondering.  It's a prune.  Yeah.  So what are we doing? If, okay, if this character is already in the window.  I know we can do it with an if statement, but you can also do it with a loop.  So.  I'm just going to stick with that.  It's the same time complexity, at least big O time complexity.  Or what? Maybe we should just do an if.

 Well, we want to know, is this character already in the map? Is it already in the window? We're going to get the index if it is.  And we're going to get.  Okay.  So if.  Okay.  It is in the window and.  Have you ever visited India? Yes, I have.  Actually, let's do the poll again.  Or like where you guys are.  So which.

 Where are you from? I'm going to go to North America.  I'm going to combine South America and Africa.  Because last time there was not a lot of people from South America.  And quite a lot of people got mad at me for not putting Africa.  So I'm going to combine those two.  And let's do Europe.  And I'm just going to put us.  I'm going to put Europe with Australia.  And let's put Asia.  Because we're.

 It's been a few hours.  So I'm pretty sure a lot of the people in Asia went to sleep.  So let's see.  Okay.  So now there's a lot more people from North North America.  That does make sense.  So that kind of makes sense.  Why you guys are talking a lot more about drugs.  That does make sense.  Indian doing a masters in the US.

 Interesting.  Yeah, I don't know what you would answer in that case.  Because I'm more curious where you guys are right now.  Land of the free baby.  Hell yeah, brother.  Hell yeah.  So results.  Actually going to be zero.  We're going to return that thing.  Once we know what the biggest window is.

 I love drugs.  Land of the tacos.  Do you think master's degrees are worth it if you're not an H1B? If you're not an H1B? I don't know.  I don't know a lot about masters.  It does seem like the vast majority of people will get a master's degree.  Because they are trying to immigrate to another country.  It seems to be a good strategy for that.  I don't know if it's not good for other things.  I did put Africa.  I did put Africa.

 I think in the second option.  Should I move this the wrong way? What's your plan on reaching one million? I don't know.  This stream might help.  If the video gets saved at least.  What do you think of SLU South Lake Union? It's fine.  On my second day of walking to work in Seattle.  Near downtown Seattle.  I did see a gentleman who was running casually jogging without any pants or underwear on.  That's not fun usually.  I've been walking behind people in downtown Seattle.

 They're just walking.  They're carrying a bag of food or something.  They're just walking.  They'll stop for a second.  There's a bush right next to them on the sidewalk.  They'll turn to the side and start going to the bathroom.  Of course, you just keep walking.  You just try to forget about it.  Yeah.  But I mean, Seattle is fine.

 In South Lake Union, everything closes really quickly, like pooping.  You should compliment their size.  Okay.  Forgive, but never forgot.  I think it's a good thing.  Bachelor's degree from Germany.  Yeah.  I think it would be reasonable, like from an American perspective.  Do you like physics? I loved physics.  I loved physics in school.

 I wanted to be like a physicist.  But I don't know how you make money doing that.  It's also hard.  I told this story in the last stream.  That's funny.  I can't believe you were watching the last stream too.  24 hours wasn't enough for you.  You need the 48 hour version.  Capital Hill is way better.  Probably.

 I mean, South Lake Union is just boring.  There's nothing to do.  Okay.  What are we doing? Let's get back into the code.  Let's keep writing some neat code here.  Okay.  So we know if the character is already in the window.  Like, let's just look at an example because my brain is fried.  It's been deep fried for a while now.  Okay.

 We're going, going, going.  We get to A.  We see A is already in the window.  So we're going to set.  By the way, I'm going to rename this to R because it tells us about our window.  And I'm going to have a left pointer.  It's initially going to be zero.  It tells us the size of our window if we use these together.  So I'm here, here, here, I get to A.  Left pointer is still here.

 So we're going to reset the left pointer.  If okay.  We're going to reset left pointer equal to.  Index plus one.  But there's a subtle bug, I think.  And that's.  Okay.  That's going to be the window and then we're going to shift it here.  That's valid.  Okay.

 Then we add a B.  Then we got to decrease it by one again.  That's fine.  Our code will handle that.  We add the C.  It decrease it one more time.  Our code will handle that.  But this.  Our code will handle this as well.  But.

 Like all of that is still going to be in the window.  So we're not only checking if a character is already in the window.  But we also want to know if the index.  Of that.  Character is greater than or equal to our left pointer.  I think.  This language is disgusting.  You think Citadel is better than.  Google nowadays, for money, I'm pretty sure it's always been better.  For work-life balance, I'm pretty sure it's always been worse.

 I think that's it.  And at some point, we also have to do the length of the window size, I guess I'll call it, R minus left, plus one.  And if size is bigger than the result, then result is equal to size.  Where are you eating? I'm just eating some peanuts.  What was the story of that bag pack I missed it? It's not much of a story, I'll grab it real quick.  On sec.  So this is like the Amazon bag pack.  Yeah, it's pretty much a, I mean, yeah, it's like a pretty cheap bag pack.  I think everybody at Amazon gets it, don't they? And I have one and I didn't intern at Amazon, so unless somebody gave it to me, I must have worked there.  I was at, even in the new video I made today about Amazon, I was even thinking about showing my pay stub, just because for some reason I was like, what if people don't believe me? Because the story I told was so weird, I feel like it was really hard to believe.

 So I was paranoid that people weren't gonna believe me.  So I was thinking about showing my pay stub that I got from Amazon, but I was like, and that's kind of stupid, I don't wanna get in trouble.  Yeah, I mean, at least Amazon gave me a bag pack.  Google didn't give me anything other than this hat.  I think this is most of the code.  How are we missing any edge case? It could be sheet.  Are you kidding me? Oh, I need range.  Yep.  Aw.  Why? Oh shit.

 I left out in there, didn't I? Come on, brah.  Ah.  Oh no, I knew it.  I knew it was run.  I knew it.  I knew it.  But are we gonna have any other problems? I don't think so.  I don't think so.  So my god.  Why does, I just don't understand why go has to be, has to like borrow a little bit from every language.

 That makes it so confusing.  Sometimes I feel like, oh my goodness.  I feel like.  Okay, so clearly we never executed the if statement.  That's the problem.  And I don't know why that is because this is a window this is a window and it's empty.  The first time when we have a character, or we're not inserting, we're not inserting into the window, Jesus.  What am I gonna do? I'm gonna put that in and have R in there at the end.  Okay, that works.  No issues there.

 Are we at number 10? Thank god, yep.  We are.  Two pointers or sliding window.  Eat.  All right, number 10.  Surprise you guys are still here.  You guys must be the real overachievers.  You guys aren't weak like all those other people who left, who came in here like, oh my god, you're doing a 24 hour stream.  Get some rest.  No, we don't need rest.

 You and me, we don't need rest.  Oh, you just joined.  Damn, you're probably gonna leave right now.  Uh huh, we are hardcore.  Hell yeah, dude.  And that's what separates the boys from the men.  Eating a whole jar of peanuts.  That's what separates the boys from the man.  These nuts will make you stronger than you've ever been.  These nuts, man.

 Dirty.  What is that a weed reference or something? Because yes, I am.  Dirty.  You need a more comfy looking bed.  What are you gonna sleep with me or something? Because then maybe I'll get a bigger bed.  Okay, I'm joking.  Just joking.  Are you stoned? I swear I'm not stoned.  Okay, I promise you I'm not stoned.  If I was stoned, do you think I'd be able to code right now? I mean, if you're off, I'm not.

 I mean, if you're offering.  Dude, getting stoned would not keep you awake.  Are you kidding? If I got stoned, I would probably, I would forget I'm even streaming.  I'd probably drive to like the Taco Bell drive-through, eat a bunch, and then I'd probably go to sleep like live on stream.  I would forget this thing is even on, and I'd probably just fall asleep.  Your code is better when you smoke.  What? It seems like you're speaking from experience.  Do you I? Okay.  I've been joking a lot, but I promise you, I do not like drink and drive.  Like I can just order food.

 Like I usually get food before I smoke.  Yeah, PSA don't drive after smoking, especially don't drive after drinking.  So I'm not gonna be able to do that.  It's a very dumb thing to do.  How is your social life non-existent? It doesn't exist.  How many felonies have you committed so far? Zero.  There are some people in the neighborhood I grew up in who were not so lucky, but thankfully, I did not get into trouble with them.  Oh, thank you so much for the NIC Code Supporter Plus.  Thank you so much, Mohammed.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.

 What about riding a lime scooter high? I feel like that's even worse, dude.  Like lime scooters are dangerous enough.  So many people have gotten into accidents with that.  You are socializing with 380 people at the moment.  Yeah, about that.  That's the weirdest question I've been asked all day.  This has to be the weirdest one.  Let me pop that thing out.  Look at this.  Have you been called the N word? I mean, the answer is yes, believe it or not.

 But yeah, I don't think that's a story for another day.  You are a naive person or nice person probably.  Thank you.  Well, I assume you met nice.  Can you put up some videos of mock interviews? Yeah, actually, I've been thinking about that.  If, okay, if I were to let me make a poll about this, let me make a poll about this one while I have you guys here.  If I did a mock interview, would you want it to be in a video call or whiteboard style? I feel like most people would like the whiteboard.  And I have been thinking about doing that.  I just need somebody to do it with me.  Oh, you guys want video call really? I mean, I'm not going to do it today probably, but really video call isn't whiteboard more fun? Because you actually like, I mean, it might be harder to read.

 But like, let me show you what I mean.  Like, there's some videos on YouTube of people doing that.  Mock.  Oh, my God.  I don't want to see that picture of me.  Please put that away.  It's just called that.  Like these.  Yeah, I guess video call is more accurate, but like something like this.  Wouldn't that be kind of good? Damn, you guys want the video call.

 Do you have any plan to write books? Not at the moment.  Yeah, people don't really do this anymore.  It's true.  I don't know if they're ever going to start doing that again.  By the way, what happened with Clomant? I'd rather not talk about it, but I don't know.  If Clomant ever wants to talk to me, like, I'll talk to him.  Basically, you know, I kind of, like, I'm kind of a shit talker.  I talk a lot of shit.  And I talked some on Twitter.  I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, I'm like, it's like a 10 years old.

 I talk.  I talk.  And I talk to them on Twitter.  And I talked.  I mean, one or two tweets, you know, talking shit to Clomant.  Nothing like super personal.  But.  Yeah, just talking trash just a little bit.  Talking trash and he didn't say anything back.  So I just deleted the tweet.

 If he said something back, it would have been fun.  I'm sure it cost me a 130K job.  Yeah.  You should box him.  He'd probably kick my ass, wouldn't he? I mean, he's definitely bigger than me.  Okay.  Let's do some pointer manipulation.  It can't be that bad, right? Clement is ripped.  I mean, I don't mind losing.  Like, I've been losing most of my life.

 So I would not mind fighting somebody and losing.  Say your thoughts about Techlead as a millionaire.  I watched Techlead since when he first uploaded videos.  I remember like, I watched him since he had like three videos on his channel.  And it's just kind of sad.  I mean, like, he was pretty cool when he started out, but it's just kind of sad what happened to his life.  Yeah.  That's all I really have to say.  I really liked him a lot when he first started out though.  I thought it was funny, but I think he took things too far and his life is a lot different now.

 Is Techlead not a troll? Yeah, he's mostly a troll, I think.  You mean Techlead's wife? Yeah.  That whole drama.  Do you have a recommendation for books to read? I talked about DDIA.  That's kind of a really good book, I think, just about like back end and like systems and databases and everything like that.  It's my favorite book about programming.  Okay.  Reverse the link list.  How do we even do this conceptually? I'm at the point.  I can't even do this in Python if I wanted to.

 Damn, it's been five hours.  Okay.  Pointers.  And we return the new head.  We need a pointer to two adjacent nodes.  Previous and current.  Previous is going to be Nell.  Current is going to be the head.  Nell or four.  Current is not equal to Nell.

 Which book, DDIA? You can probably just type in DDIA into Google and it will show you the book.  Yeah, it's a very good book, but it's hard to read.  I like those types of books though.  Like I read slow anyway, so it's fun for me to like read a page and then just spend time thinking about it.  What do you think about Vivek for president? I mean, he's an Indian running for president.  I'll keep it at that.  don't even follow a lot of politics to be honest.  So I wouldn't really know only thing I know is these Indian return reviews, I think is what we're going to do because every time we're going to have temp, it's going to be Kerr and then we're going to have we're going to set Kerr.  Next equal to previous and then we're going to set previous equal to Kerr and we're going to set Kerr equal to temp.  And then by the end of it, previous should be pointing out the new head, even if it's a linked list of size one, even if it's an empty linked list.

 Yeah, I think that should work.  So. . .  What? Is it because I'm doing them on the same line? Are they supposed to be the same type? Because I thought you could do that, can't you? It's kind of what I need.  It's kind of kind of messed up my whole code if you can't initialize something with the name.  Okay, you have to declare the type of it.  Maybe I can't do implicit then and I have to say star list node.  Shoot, are these pointers? I did not know Go had pointers.  Do we need like, is it just like C++? Can we just do like the arrow? That's going to be a pain.

 I'm just going to shot GPT at this sucks.  I just want to know the damn syntax, bro.  I just want to know the syntax.  Or, oh, var.  Don't know why.  Don't know why we need that.  Don't even know what that, like, how is that not implied by the equal sign that this is a variable? Um. . .  Yeah.

 Damn, the go is like these take forever to execute.  Oh, it's because I have an infinite loop.  Oh, temp is her.  But I still feel like the go code like executes slower.  Like the entire submission at least.  The execution is fast.  But what? Oh, it's capital.  What tweet did you send to Clement? Uh, I don't know.  I don't want to make myself look too bad.  Like, I already talked about the drug stuff.

 Like at this point, I'm just going to be embarrassing myself.  I basically just. . .  Uh, should I do it? Should I show it? Should I show it? Should I show it? What do you guys think? What problem was that? What problem was that? Oh, reverse.  Okay, number 11.  Okay, I'll just kind of show you real quick.  I'm basically just told Clement like, uh, you suck basically.  Like this.  Sent them a tweet with this.

 You can interpret this however you want.  But that's what I said to Clement.  After this, I'm done talking about it.  Okay.  Oh, this is a good time to drink some water.  Was it funny? You guys think that's funny? I thought it was hilarious, but he didn't say anything back.  He didn't say anything back.  So I was like, okay, now I'm just being a dick.  And I don't want to do that.  I can show you even before that.

 2022.  Let's just go to the beginning of the year.  Yeah, I did well to delete it.  Yeah, I admit it was not a nice thing for me to do.  I shouldn't have done that.  And yeah, I regret it.  And I'm going to try to not do that again in the future.  So yeah.  I can see the like, yeah, if I back this up even further, you can see neat code did not even exist.  At some point, like look at that.

 Okay, that's enough.  What are we at again, merge to sorted lists.  This one can't be too bad.  I think I was working at Google different than Amazon in terms of software engineering.  I think there's a lot of talk about this online on like forums, maybe like on blind.  You can get like a better answer, but I think there are opposite engineering cultures like Amazon.  Did I update the count? Should be 11 now.  The culture engineering culture is completely the opposite.  Like at Amazon, they kind of prioritize speed and will sacrifice quality.  Also at Amazon, you'd be surprised.

 A lot of things are not automated at Amazon.  They rely a lot on manual ops, meaning like people on call or just people on the team are going to be manually doing certain things.  And it's just for that reason, it can kind of be painful sometimes, I think, to be an engineer at Amazon.  At Google, it's kind of the opposite.  They try to automate as much as possible, but not only that, they're willing to go slower.  The last thing that they want to do at Google is launch a feature that causes a bug or causes a problem.  Because Google has a lot to lose, but your feature, no matter how proud you are of your feature, your feature is probably not going to change Google's business.  It might help increase revenue a little bit, but it's not going to, like if it goes wrong, it will cost Google a lot of money.  So they really don't want to screw things up.  They do not want to mess things up and they go very slow.

 There's a lot of design docs.  There's a lot of testing.  And there's just, there's not a lot of documentation though.  For that, you just have to read the source code.  But yeah, it's pretty collaborative.  You can usually talk to people who've written services like, oh, I don't know how this works.  Just like have a meeting with the person who wrote it.  And hopefully they can help you out.  What's your secret to wealth? I'm the cheapest person you know.  Look at my bed.

 You think I can afford a better bed if I wanted to, but I'm just cheap.  I drive a very old car.  I still drive the first car I ever bought.  It's like from 2003.  It's not that old, I guess, but it's, like the windows don't really roll down anymore.  I should get a new car at this point.  So yeah.  I get merging to length less or there any edge cases because this is a pretty simple problem.  The list should be made by slicing.  Do I need a dummy node for this problem? I might as well make a dummy node.

 So dummy.  Do I? I mean, I know it's like this.  I want to put the value zero.  I'm going to put the next pointer as nil.  How do I construct it though? Do I do list node? Do I put a star here? Yeah.  Who you calling a dummy? Do you ever get offered sponsors for YouTube? Yeah.  I just really don't like working with sponsors though.  It's just a pain in the ass.  Like a lot of people do that and I don't even know how they do.  And sponsors always try to screw me over.

 I don't know if I'm just dumb or if I get unlucky, but like, man.  You use make.  I'm just going to try this and see what happens.  I'm going to always fix that later, but while our four list one is not equal to nil.  I don't know if we even need that explicitly.  This too is not equal to nil.  At the end, we're going to return dummy. capital next.  As long as both of these are not nil, we're going to merge.  Going to take the smaller.

 What are we merging? We're merging in sorted order, right? They're both sorted and we're merging that.  If a list one dot vowel is less than list two dot vowel.  Is this C++? I wish it was C++.  I didn't know any languages could get worse, to be honest.  Should have just done Java.  Dummy dot next is going to be list one.  Either way, dummy is going to be dummy dot next.  Here list one is going to be list one dot.  Dummy dot next here is going to be list two.  List two is going to be shifted as well.

 At the end, one of these is going to be null, but the other one might not be.  Are they both going to be non-empty? They could theoretically one of them could be empty.  I don't think that changes our solution.  If list one is not equal to nil.  Same thing with the other guy.  What are we doing? If list one is not nil, then we say dummy dot next is going to be just list one.  Wait a minute.  We need to save the head of the linked list, don't we? I guess I'll just say head is going to be dummy, but it's not really the head.  We need the colon.  Then we're going to return head dot next.

 I'll just copy and paste that.  I feel like there's a bug here somewhere.  Is there an infinite loop? I feel like we're updating the pointers correctly.  There might be a syntax bug with the first thing that we wrote.  How do I fix this? Can I just ask chat to you? It doesn't like the parentheses? That makes sense.  But, oh yeah, these might not like those.  I feel like it shouldn't have a problem with it.  Okay, we just take the address of I still don't even know what this means in go.  Is it just mean it's an object? Because it's kind of different from C++.  Have you ever been to an ACM competition? I don't think so.

 Okay, now it's working.  Might be some edge cases that we're missing.  Cool.  See? We're actually getting better now.  Go.  Yeah, we definitely are.  We're at number 12.  Number 12.  In your opinion, what's the hardest category of problems on leak code? In general, it is dynamic programming.  But once you get good at dynamic programming, it's not that hard to do the straightforward ones.

 The hardest thing is just coming up with the recurrence relation for some of those insane problems.  They're so hard.  Yeah, that's the hardest part.  But I think graphs can also be pretty difficult.  Even just arrays can be pretty difficult.  There's a lot of stuff you can do with arrays.  Like a lot of these categories include arrays.  Even intervals are arrays.  E is pretty hard because they're all different.  There's not really a lot of commonality between these.

 Are you financially independent? I'm definitely not.  But even if I was, I would want to do something productive.  I would always want to be working.  I don't want to like, I don't know.  Do you freelance not really, I don't know if you'd consider the stuff that I do as freelance, but in general not really.  Has leak cutting made you a better suite? It won't make you a worse engineer, that's for sure.  It can help you in some areas, but yeah, it helps you think about edge cases.  It helps you with the syntax of the language, writing concise code, writing generally performant code, but yeah, it's not going to make you a great engineer or anything.  Man, I'm kind of hungry right now, I'm not even going to lie.  I'm going to get some food in just a second.

 It does help thinking through internals.  Yeah, it can kind of help you with a logical aspect of the Taco Bell.  When I'm back, I'll start answering any questions you guys have.  Let me know.  All right, just give me one minute, maybe two minutes.  It's not long time, dude.  It's not long time.  That's after the stream, just getting.  It's not long time.  If you notice, just wait until I get back and tell me if you notice a difference between me, between me now and then, just tell me.

 Hey, damn, I'm high as fuck right now.  I'm kidding.  I'm going to try not to eat straight into the microphone.  So yeah.  Eat on the mic.  Just watch your videos on Amazon.  Thanks for the transverse.  Yeah, I appreciate it.  Yeah, like the one thing I wanted to do in that video was like make it honest.  I didn't like tell every little detail, but I told like the worst parts about it.

 I kind of kept a lot of that story out, but I don't know.  I just don't like not being honest.  If I'm going to make a video about that, I'd rather just tell everything in that video.  I'm eating like Indian food right now.  I'm eating Indian.  It's called like biryani.  I don't know if I'm pronouncing that right.  If I'm not, you guys can feel free to make fun of me.  How are you feeling so far? I'm tired, but I mean, like this is easy.  I could go 24 hours easily like this the only thing I'm stressed about is the fact that that count is so low.

 I feel embarrassed, but you have to admit it wasn't all my fault.  Like goling is just not a great language for leak code.  It's just not.  You ever smoke weed in code? Smoke before my CS midterm ones and did well so I continued for the rest of college, and now I still do it at work.  I respect that because I could not do that.  Yeah.  It looks cold.  It's microwaved.  I mean, I'm hungry.  I'll take what I can get.

 Rest as hard as fuck.  Yeah.  I want to ask you guys more questions, but I don't know what to think of for the polls.  At this point, it's going to be a long stream when we get, though, when we get close to the 24 hours though, things are going to start picking up.  And you can be one of you people watching here.  You can say you watch the whole thing.  Thank you for sharing such personal details.  How do you guys feel about sharing personal details? Like, do you guys, it doesn't feel weird to do that? Like I'm the type of person when even when I was interviewing for Google, I didn't tell anybody.  I did not tell anybody I even had an interview at Google.  Because if I failed, then you have to tell people like everybody you tell like, hey, I'm interviewing at Google.

 Oh, I got rejected.  And you have to tell everybody, I hate that.  Best Indian food in Seattle.  There's some decent food, but I feel like there's better Indian food in Vancouver, Canada.  Way better.  Yeah, Vancouver is like the best food of all time.  Should we browse the comments of the newest YouTube video? I really don't want to do that, but it might be funny to do it on stream.  I really don't want to do it.  It's just going to be people being supportive, which I appreciate that at the same time.  I don't know, I don't want to see that.

 I don't need the emotional support.  Do it.  All right.  Alrighty then.  Let's see the replies.  Yeah, nice needed.  Yeah.  Mind please, which one's yours? Oh, I mean, I might have to go into YouTube studio to find that thing.  Let's see.  Yeah, I'm not sure if you're going to find that thing.

 I'm not sure if you're going to find that thing.  You're somebody just commented your, yeah, let's go through this so we can see the chronological ordering of it.  Let's see this guy's comment failure.  But shoot.  I don't see it.  That was his name.  That was your user name, I think.  What happened? Your real life, Mr.  Robot, go to Jim.  I assume they're being serious.

 Maybe English isn't their first language.  And they're just trying to give me advice.  I thought this would be an April Fool's joke, stunned by the honesty.  Interesting.  Just people being nice.  That's your comment.  Wait, which one? No, it's not.  That's you shoes.  Oh, yeah, that is you.  I guess I'll give you a heart.

 Should I do it? Should I give you a heart? Fine.  Take it.  Just take it and leave.  Like everyone else.  Darkmole.  Fine.  You are so cool.  Damn.  GG, man.  Should I give you a heart, too? Well, you are a supporter.

 I'll give you a heart.  Appreciate it.  Looking for hate comments.  You treat your Mac like a true engineer.  Is that bad? Like, Macs are strong.  You can leave them on the floor.  You can't.  You're not going to break it.  We're not talking about like windows here.  Like, come on now.

 Looking sick and small.  Appreciate it.  You okay now? Yeah.  I've been okay for a while.  Oh, no.  I'm eating biryani, like Indian food.  I do wanna look for some hate comments though.  I'm sorry for your experience at Amazon to make things worse you joined Alexa, which is the single worst organization to join across any of the big tech companies.  I'm sorry.  There are teams in Amazon that have better work life balance than Google.

 I believe that.  And people who join those teams will never leave Amazon.  And I 100% believe that.  Like I did comment like I'm not trying to bash Amazon.  I'm not trying to make people scared of working at Amazon.  I'm just saying my experience.  If I had this experience working at Google, I would have made the same exact video.  That shirt is awesome.  Well, I gotta give that a heart.  I have to.

 Yeah, it's mostly just supportive comments, which I appreciate, but at the same time, I don't need to inflate my ego anymore.  So I think I'm gonna see if we can find anything mean.  Oh, this is another YouTuber I know a little bit.  I know them a tiny bit is what I meant.  Thanks for trying your story.  All the honesty, great takeaways about being consistent.  Yeah, that's nice.  Can you give away one of your company shirts? I would, but I don't have any company shirts actually.  I have this sweatshirt.  There's like a tiny Google logo on it.

 And I have this hat.  That's about it.  Ch-ch-ch-ch.  I need a picture of the background.  It's just my room, bra.  Do you have any merch? I'm glad you asked.  Look at this.  Look at that.  It's just a black jacket with a neat code logo.  I made it like four or five months ago.

 And the logo, as soon as I bought it, the logo was already peeling off.  So I did not sell these because I'm not, I don't really need the money that badly that I'm gonna give people like garbage, merch.  So I'm Gucci with that.  Leak code is literally a form of therapy.  Kind of is, honestly.  Please put the Mac Wic above the desk.  If I knew it was gonna bother people so much, I would have just moved it.  I'll pay for the garbage merch.  How do you enjoy coding for a long time? I mean, let's be honest, I haven't really been coding most of the stream.  We can, I'm still eating.

 Let me just hurry up and eat.  I'm eating like Indian rice.  I'm done with these comments.  Are it's best employees? All right.  What's the next question? All right.  These aren't hard.  I'm just thinking of which ones can I actually do with my knowledge of go.  Honestly, I think the binary cert, the tree ones are gonna be it because we really don't need any extra data structures.  We just need a little bit of recursion.  And that's pretty much it.

 So inverting a binary tree is pretty simple.  For every node, you just swap the two children.  And I don't need a helper function for this, do I? If. . .  Is Nell, I don't need these.  What else? What else? Yeah, just swap the children.  And then return the root.  So set.  We need a temp.

 Don't we? We do need a temp.  Or maybe there's a way to do it without a temp, but I don't know how to do that.  In.  Go Lang, root dot, right.  My brother, Fousy likes your videos.  Appreciate it.  Most of our rooms are like yours.  Please keep it real always.  Yeah, that's what I don't really like the aesthetic backgrounds that people create with like LED lights everywhere.  Like get out of here, dude.

 Like who wants LED lights everywhere? Like maybe I could get some posters I admit.  Like I could decorate this room a little bit.  But. . .  I don't know.  I don't need all that fancy stuff.  Is this it? Is this the whole thing? Oh, you can do multi-line assignment.  Oh shoot, I forgot to do temp.  You can, interesting.

 What? This did not work? What did I do wrong? Hmm.  Maybe I should do the swapping after.  Oh, I'm not even making it recursive.  What? Yeah, I'm not even making it recursive.  What am I doing, bro? I'm not doing it.  I'm not doing it.  I'm not doing it.  You're not doing it.  Do you have a computer? Yeah, I do.  That's a good idea.

 Yeah, I'm not doing it.  I'm not doing it.  I'm not doing it.  I'm not going to do it.  So, that's the same thing we're doing.  We're doing it that way.  So if you're not doing it, you could do a little knowledge to do.  It's a beautiful thing to see.  Oh, can you do a room tour? I might have to clean up.  I might have to clean up, if I want to do a room tour.

 You feel like you're always interview ready now that you leak coated so much? Pretty much.  I forget, I don't do a ton of leak codes nowadays.  Like I said, everything I do on leak code is my second channel.  If you don't know about my second channel, and if you're looking for leak code related videos, check that out, because that's where I post all my leak code videos now.  But yeah, other than that, I don't really solve leak code problems much.  But yeah, if I wanted to do interviews, I'm pretty decent right now, and I could always spend time grinding for, honestly, it would only take me like a week or two to get really, really good.  Like you guys are watching right now.  I could probably go, if I was doing Python, I could probably go through this whole thing in a week, like in a 40 hour work week, I could probably do this whole thing.  And at that point, I'd be pretty prepared for coding interviews, I think.  Hmm, what's the next question? Ah, trees, maximum depth.

 So the route, return is maximum depth, is a number of nodes along the longest path from the route down to the further sleeve.  Now, I don't think we'll need a helper function for this either.  If not root, let's just try that.  I hope it works.  What do you think of striver? I don't really know anything about him, but I'm pretty sure he made his channel like roughly the same time I did, like three years ago or something.  And yeah, he's pretty much doing like very, very similar stuff to me.  Other than that, I don't really know anything about him.  I'm sure he's a nice guy.  Ah, depth, how are we calculating depth? Like is empty zero? So like, okay, this problem, the depth is one, two, three.  The longest path from the route to the farthest leaf, and that's three.

 So we're just counting the number of nodes.  So yeah, this works.  Can you smoke a tree while doing tree questions? These are easy enough.  I probably could.  I'm not going to lie.  I mean, not to brag or anything.  And not that I would know.  But probably I could do that.  I don't know.  You guys did not think I smoked weed.

 So I feel like a lot of people learn something.  New about me today.  I turn.  Oh no, the problem is going to be math dot max.  So I'm just going to calculate it both ways.  Left is going to be self dot, not self max depth route dot left.  Right.  Actually, it's not just going to be this.  It's going to be one plus that.  Yeah, whatever.

 Is that it? Is this really it? I feel like I'm missing something.  If left is greater than right, return left.  Otherwise, return right.  Do you vape? No, not really.  Does weed increase chances of solving problems? I promise you it does not.  Some people in chat have said it does.  I don't know.  Maybe for them, it does.  But for me, I promise you it does not.  I'm not I'm not encouraging anybody to start smoking or doing things in hopes of getting better at leak code.

 I'm eating rice like biryani.  What is that? Line 10.  Really, that does not work.  How do you do it? Like you have to explicitly check if it's equal to null.  I mean, that's fine, but like, is it less error prone, I guess? I guess.  I don't know.  Nice, nice, nice.  I promise you I don't type fast.  I type very slow.  Diameter.

 Length of the diameter is the length of the longest path between any two nodes in a tree.  This one's a little harder.  We might need a helper function for this one.  I mean, whoever made this list must be really smart because these two were definitely the easiest.  And now we're getting a little bit harder, even though these are easy.  So, yeah.  Are you Indian? Yep.  Really going to go for the next 16 and a half hours.  Yeah, unless I die.  I mean, there's always that.

 You know, you could always die.  You look exactly how I envision, do.  It's funny to me how so many people still don't, haven't seen my face yet, which makes sense.  If you guys ever see me in real life, feel free to say something.  So far I've been recognized like one time and that was like in the Seattle area.  Okay, what are we doing? A diameter and that's defined as the longest path.  For every node, the longest path left and the longest path right and we add those together I assume.  So for this one, it's going to be two plus three.  Okay, it's not counting the number of nodes.  It's counting something else.

 It's counting the edges.  How long do you sleep in general? And what does it look like after a 24 hour stream? I usually sleep fine, I think like eight hours.  I mean, I did not last night.  How long have you been using Go for about five hours, six hours? How much of a difference do you think a paid suite internship makes? I don't necessarily know.  I mean, obviously you should get a paid internship rather than an unpaid one if you can.  But you know, if you're like I would, people say you shouldn't do this, but if I was in that position, I wouldn't mind doing an unpaid internship because how is that any different from doing like a personal project? At least you get something to put on your resume.  Do you not get recognized at work? I did not do a face reveal while I was at Google.  I only did it like seven months after I left six months, maybe.  Okay, getting this.  So the base case is going to be the same.

 Like if root is equal to nil, of course, we're going to return zero.  Now if it's not.  I'm just wondering how do we avoid the repeated work? Like the way I did it before and Python was like return the longest path like the max depth.  Can I have a global variable somewhere? Yeah, you want a global.  Can we do that? Like you know, Go is not going to allow you to do that.  I feel like 100% it's not going to allow me to do that.  You can.  So you're saying here I can say, Oh, so I can define a function in here.  Is that what we're saying? Helper root.  Three node.

 Also returning an end and just move this boy in here.  Yeah, let's just do that then.  It's zero.  And I don't know that.  Please tell me it'll let me do this.  This is all I ever wanted to do in life.  Just get my go code to work.  It's all I ever wanted.  So helper is going to return return max depth.  That's what it's going to do.

 Because we don't want any repeated work.  Can you do more system design stuff? Yeah, I definitely want to.  I definitely will.  I promise it.  Hopefully soon as I can.  The inner function might need to be assigned with that.  Why is that just part of the closure? How do I declare it then? F, okay, just without the name.  Function.  Okay, okay, I mean, it's not a problem with me as long as I know that's what we're supposed to do.  And I'm going to call F on the root and that should populate the results out here.

 This is literally just the same function we just wrote max depth.  I don't even remember how we do that.  Oh my God.  I mean, I know at the very least that's not forget the recursive call.  So for every node, we're going to call it on root dot left.  Root, right.  And then return the depth.  And left depth is just going to be one.  I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.  Do you live in Washington? Yep.

 I love them like the Seattle area.  But this is not going to work.  It's go the inner function.  Okay.  Okay, we're trying to get.  Yeah, so I can just add this to there.  Can I? Yeah.  So that's what I'm trying to do.  I'm just trying to calculate the depth.  The max depth.

 So we're calculating the left left depth and the right depth.  We're we're turning whatever is larger.  Okay.  So it's left is larger than right.  Turn left.  Otherwise here, the turn.  Right.  But before we even do that, we do got a.  What what are we doing? Okay.  So for here, I have the depth from the left side and I have the depth for the right side.

 I just want to set.  I just want to update the result, though.  And I with whatever like the summation of these two, if it's greater than the result.  Okay.  I really hope that's right.  Results is equal to plus right.  I feel like this is very, very close.  My brain is a little bit fried.  So at this point, we might start having errors and it's probably going to be my fault.  Huh? Oh, forgot.

 Collins.  Make F taken an argument.  Yeah, that would actually work if you mean, yeah, but can we update that as we know? Oh, hey, hello, just stopping and saying hi.  Hello, I'm just going to be don't worry.  I'll be here for the next 18 hours.  So you can feel free to stop by again.  Now, you may have a turn in it as well.  Isn't that what I'm doing? I mean, I just want to know why I can't do this.  So I need to correct it.  I just want to know why.

 You will be here too.  Thank you.  Terrible syntax.  You guys will not believe what Jack GPT just told me.  It told me this is a workaround for what I'm trying to do.  Look, look at this.  So we declare a function F, which is a temporary function.  And then we declare a real version of F that actually does what we're trying to do.  And then for some reason, yeah, so we're allowed to call F from inside of real F.  But we're not allowed to call itself.

 I must be out of my damn mind, or maybe chat GPT is wrong.  It's always the ghost off, man.  Wait, what? No, you're not telling me this works.  You're not telling me that works.  Yeah, syntax is this.  Two lines.  What? Wait, okay, VAR F.  Nah, I must not be reading you guys correctly.  F is equal to that.  Wait, so if I do this on one line, it's function type.

 Is that it? Is this what we're doing? VAR F.  I mean, this is still kind of weird.  Why doesn't it just work the first time? I don't think this is perfect yet though.  I must be missing part of a fully declared, unexpected off.  Do I have to say the return type? Oh, oh, like this.  Just declaring it like this.  Do I need a funk here? Okay, well, at least it works.  It's just my code is bad.  Okay, I can live with that.  How do we return five here? Oh, because we're calculating the depth, and that's a problem.

 Because we're calculating the depth, we're off by one in both places, I think.  That's not what we want to do in this case.  Okay, so let me check my phone.  Are you guys tired? Don't you guys have work today? Let me ask you guys.  Yeah, that's 1 a. m.  in South Africa.  I feel that.  You have an interview on Wednesday.  Where are you interviewing? Are you planning on updating some of the solutions in the code? If you mean code, yeah.

 You're currently in a one-on-one meeting with your manager.  Interesting.  Thank you.  Okay, how do we fix this? If the root is null, how about that or root dot left? I hope this is allowed.  I guess I'm going to give us a compiler error because if I'm, there are some languages I'm pretty sure that give you an error.  Now if I try to access root dot left, even though we already confirmed it's not null.  If it starts executing the rest of this, but I could be wrong, maybe I'm just making that up.  Okay, let's just check.  Okay, and or or this is equal to nil and root dot right is equal to nil, not not equal.  Then we return zero.

 Okay, I mean, I think that fixes it.  Really compiler error.  Okay, how does that one roll? How is that wrong? What? Wait, I returned two here.  That doesn't make sense.  What's wrong with my code for that? If I had a tree with just one node from one, oh, I still have the plus one here.  Okay, we can fix that.  But I just just not, no, I can't not have the plus one.  I don't even know what I'm doing anymore.  Off plus right because that's the height.  Can I just take these two? Yeah, can I get rid of this and just subtract from it every single time? Can I do that? I don't think so.

 How this is so easy, but I can't figure it out.  Like what? I have a tree.  Oh my gosh.  I have a tree like this.  Okay, from the perspective of a single node, of course, we return zero as the depth from here.  Of course, we're going to take the left height, which is going to be zero.  And the right height, which should also be zero.  Oh my god.  All right, let's talk about something else.  All right, what did you guys respond to the poll? So you guys are actually a lot of you are doing nothing.

 Some of you should be in school, some of you should be working.  But a lot of you guys just don't have anything to do.  Interesting.  Yeah, I can open up a drawing window.  I mean, it's not even about, like logically, it's simple.  I know it's simple.  Just my brain is too fried.  Yeah, I guess it's pretty light.  It's East Coast.  It's like 7 p.

m.  Line 18.  I mean, the only thing I could think of is just a minus two.  Well, that can't be up.  That can't be up.  Can it? Will it work if I have this? It'll work for a base case because left, yep, it'll work.  From here, we'll work.  Left, we'll return.  I had a zero.  No, it's not going to work.

 Oh, max.  What is the problem even asking for again? I forgot.  What? Is not what we're already doing.  Oh, max have left.  Oh, my God, I'm so dumb.  Wait.  No, that doesn't make sense.  Does it? Result should not be the max.  I'm just going to watch the video.  This is what we're here for.

 Hey, everyone.  Yeah, we keep track of the diameter and the height.  Oh, wait, one plus max left and right.  I think I'm already doing that.  Plus two.  But yeah, I feel like it's different with, oh, I did negative one.  Damn, I'm smart.  I'm an actual genius.  I'm an actual genius.  Okay, there still might be a bug though.

 Pretty sure there's still a bug.  No, that's, is that it? Holy crap.  It does it really count as cheating if my old self is the one who helped me solve the problem.  Technically, I solved it.  I don't think that counts as cheating, does it? Does that mess up any edge case though? No, it doesn't.  I'm such a genius, dude.  It's actually not even funny.  Oh, my goodness.  Just casually a prodigy.  That's why they say you get dumber as you get older.

 Like don't they say that, at least when it comes to certain things.  I'm pretty sure 20 year old, like three, that version of me.  However old I was, was probably better at leak code than I am now.  Probably.  24 hours, yep.  Yep.  Who is Dennis? You're verified.  Who aren't you? I might have heard of you.  I may have heard of you.  No, I don't think I have.

 Interesting.  Well, anyways.  Okay.  Um.  Okay, what's this problem? We're at 15, by the way.  Yep.  We're at 15.  It's only been six hours.  About two problems per hour.  And if I wasn't talking, no, I mean, if I wasn't talking to you guys, my brain would be even more fried.

 Are you sure you can pull it off for 24 hours? If you keep asking me that, I might just make it go for 25 hours.  Okay.  And I've actually been streaming longer than the timer.  We've only been doing leak code problems for that timer.  I've been streaming like 20 minutes longer than that.  If it is height balanced.  That's very similar to the problems we've been doing.  What even is the definition of high positive means for every node, you take the max steps on the left and max steps on the right.  The difference should not be greater than one.  Uh.

 I'm dying.  You guys are keeping me alive.  I don't even care if you keep asking me if I'm Indian.  I mean, we learned a little bit about going.  There's definitely that.  Are you Indian? Yep.  I am.  I'm still Indian.  That's still a thing.  Oh.

 I would do that.  I would do it.  I would do that.  But I'm pretty sure I'm going to get copyrighted.  This would actually help me stay motivated a lot.  It would help a lot.  But I don't think we can risk it because imagine if my like stream just ends and then I don't get to save the video and like everything is just ruined.  Applying procedure at Google.  It's pretty well documented.  I think there's like online answers that get answered better than I could.

 If you have like a specific question, let me know.  Your system design concepts videos really helpful.  Thank you.  Appreciate it.  That video took me forever to edit.  Probably never going to do that again.  Tuna.  Tuna.  I was going to sing it, but my self esteem is not high enough for that.  Do you prefer Indian girls over other girls? You know, unless you're a girl, I'm not going to answer that question.

 Okay.  Unless you're going to hook me up, don't even ask.  Given a binary tree term of its height balanced, we're going to have to do that same thing that we did with this problem.  The problem? Was it really the diameter? Yeah.  This one where you have to declare the same function.  You have to declare the type.  Okay.  I can do that.  VAR F.  Return type is, we want to return the height.

 So return type is a parameter.  What am I even doing? Yeah.  Parameter first.  Okay.  Fonk.  We need that keyword parameter.  It's going to take, I don't think we need the variable name.  Do we? Do we? Yeah.  We do.  We need the variable name too.

 Oh my goodness.  Return type.  And then we can go ahead and declare that thing.  If you ever drop merch, it must have, are you Indian on it? Yeah.  Are you going to get an arranged marriage? You know, the funny thing is, when I went to India, there were two things that happened.  Then every time I tried to speak the language, people made fun of me because I have a very noticeable accent.  And two, everybody kept telling me I should get married.  And you know, I think I'm good.  Okay, dude.  We get it.

 You're edging.  We get it.  You're really enjoying the stream.  So now I can just declare the function, right? Root star.  Greenode.  How tall are you? Like six one.  How do we do it again? Yeah.  So pretty much just that.  Cool.  And this function is going to return, once again, it's going to return the height.

 And at this point, it doesn't even matter how we calculate the height, whether we start at zero or one, because we don't really need to return the height.  return the delta.  We just need to know the delta.  And I'm going to have a variable here, balance, or just a result.  How about that? And I'm going to initially set it to true.  Because if we ever notice it's not true, we'll assign it to false.  And then out here, we're going to return that value.  6-1 respect bro.  How are you going to respect somebody for their height? Come on now, dude.  Come on now.

 Like what? Have you ever been, have you ever been called that word? Yeah, I have.  I don't know how to pronounce it the best way.  And if I do, there's probably going to be, let me say a good word to say regardless.  Let's do another poll.  Let's do something fun.  1-1.  Do you like Indian food? Good morning.  Hey, you must be, I don't know what time zone you're in.  You can't be in India.  It's not morning in India, unless you wake up very, very early.

 What part of India are you from? From New Delhi? Do you speak Hindi or Punjabi? Honesty, neither.  I don't speak either.  I barely speak.  I barely understand them as well.  You got to speak very slowly for me to understand.  How did you come up with the name neat code? Have you heard of this acronym? Most people haven't.  But this is how I came up with it.  It also, like, my name starts with N, but neat.  I know neat is an acronym in India for like exams or something, but neat stands for not in education, employment or training.  And that was me when I started the channel, did not have a job.

 Do you see Punjabi? Do I say that right? Or are you just going to make fun of me to? Yeah, I speak.  That's as much as I speak, to be honest.  You nailed it.  Oh my god.  You guys are boosting my self-esteem.  What are we doing? Again, this is not it.  This is it.  Okay, I got a, okay, what are we doing? What are we doing? What are we doing? Okay, if Roots is equal to nil return zero.  Otherwise, return the height after you compute the height, we're just going to be f root dot left one plus that.  Right.

 And we're returning.  I guess so.  We just want to make sure the height is balanced.  Okay, if, oh, no, no way.  Is there a way to get the absolute value in go? Please.  I'm going to ask chat GPT specifically go 1. 18.  Please tell me there's a way to get the absolute value.  I would do it.  I think all the go experts abandoned me.

 Is it just abs? Is it real? Oh, no, you got to write your own.  Really, dude.  Wait, no, no, there's a built-in.  There's a built-in way to do it.  Okay.  It probably only works on floats though.  Yep.  Yep.  Why? I mean, why does anybody need integers? Why would you? Why would you want to take the absolute value of an integer? So we just convert it to a float, I guess.  Float right.

 Float 64.  If the absolute value is greater than 1, then just set result to false, I guess.  Yeah, we should we could just do the manual way.  But yeah, it's just so annoying.  I thought the thing about, I thought the thing people said about go is that everything is included.  I guess they weren't talking about the standard libraries.  I guess they just meant the development environment, the CLI, the package manager probably, and that stuff.  Yeah, that's variable initialization and go.  You need that colon.  I'm getting actually pretty used to this.

 Some of these things are still pretty weird, but yeah, I'm getting used to this.  Servers are included.  Yeah, I don't know.  I'm going to have to like learn a little bit more about the church of Go Lang because I am really not on board right now.  I can see why people like it more than like Java script or TypeScript because like there is static typing.  There's a lot of features that make it less error prone, even if they're kind of annoying to code with.  But yeah, like, I mean, I don't like Java, but why would I use this language over Java? What's the benefit? I guess it's more performant, I guess, but I mean, 99% of the time performance isn't even that important.  Isn't 90% of Amazon code written in Java? Okay, so there's that.  Now we're trying to return the max height.  If left is greater than right, return that because I can just do this at this point.

 I don't mind typing out the float.  So float 64 left float 64 right.  Okay, well, I'm just going to run out.  I'm too lazy to go routines are easier to implement and also channels, but I think Kotlin has something similar.  Java's verbose, it is, but like, yeah, no way.  Why do I even bother? Why do I bother? Okay.  We got it wrong.  Second example.  How do we get that thing wrong? Hmm.  That output should be false, but we returned true.

 It doesn't make a lot of sense unless I'm not even calculating the dieham or the height correctly.  Go routines take less CPU than the red and Java.  Goaling is promoted for it's a lightweight go routines.  Interesting.  So it's mostly performance.  I mean, it's not like that bad of a language.  It's just like, why does that have to be so different in some of these weird ways? Like, I don't understand the reasoning behind absolute value and max not accepting integers.  It doesn't really, I don't see the point in that.  Is there no overloading? Is there no function overloading and go? Whatever.  Hey, good morning from Japan.

 Hey, I was Japan.  I was wanting to go there.  Hey, from Israel.  Hello.  I want to go there too.  Yeah, food is awesome there.  I'm going to show the equation for a second.  Sure.  Okay, we got the wrong answer.  We got a true.

 We should have gotten false.  So something's off here.  The calculation is off.  That does not make sense to me though.  I'm just not calculating it correctly, but I think I am.  I'm getting the return value.  I'm just adding one to it.  I feel like this is exactly what I did earlier.  Is it not? Yeah, it's like right here.  Well, this is diameter.

 But yeah, oh, wait, am I not calling it? I didn't even call it.  That's the problem.  What are you eating right now? I was eating rice like biryani and I'm now unfinished.  So when we call this, just passing the route.  Okay, nice.  Yep, it's always that.  You always forget to call the function.  Try dynamic layout.  Do you guys like the dynamic layout? Like, the fact that it's dynamic is fine, but am I going to be able to turn it off? I'm sure I am.  But it's fine.

 Everything looks fine right now.  I don't really want it to be dynamic.  I feel like I'm fine with it, how it normally is.  But why is it at the top? Like what? And like, look at this.  Like the zoom is broken too.  Like, I'm 200% zoom right now.  And it's making it scrollable.  It shouldn't do that.  Should it? Like, yeah, it's kind of broken.  Yeah, I'm going to go back.

 Is there a way to go back? There's definitely is.  Oh, no, no.  Now we're screwed.  Now we're really screwed.  Okay, we'revert.  There it is.  We're done with that.  What else do we have? We still have some linked list ones.  It's kind of annoying.  Okay, linked list cycle.

 That can't be too bad.  What else? More binary search, same tree.  That's not too bad.  All right.  How biryani is available there? I just, I just, it's homemade.  This is the only thing that I enjoy in life anymore.  Just make taking my hat spin.  Do end queens.  That one's not too hard either.  Honestly.

 Once you know how to do it at least.  It'll be our first hard of the day.  It's a lot of code.  It's a lot of edge cases.  A lot of ways to go wrong.  How much time does it take to solve the neat code 150? If you're a beginner, it'll take a while.  But what's the price of weed in your place? In the Seattle area, it's pretty cheap.  I mean, it's legal here.  It's legal in Washington state.  Why are you planning on making a visit? Because I might know a guy who can get you a discount.

 Just kidding.  It's legal for recreation.  Yeah.  Oh, geez, remember the William Lindez? Yeah, I wish he would come on the stream.  I would want to talk to him.  I'd want to interview him.  I should reach out to him.  Can you ship asking for a friend? No.  Like, that's a felony, dude.  Like, I'm gonna go to jail for a long time for doing that.

 Bro, I thought you liked marijuana.  That was the old me, okay? You know what? Even if I solve this one at what cost? How long is that gonna take me to? How long is that gonna take me compared to these? Same tree.  Okay, this one cannot be bad.  This one just cannot be bad.  And we might not need a helper function for this one.  Okay, if they're both null, if P is null, and Q is null, we return true.  It's the same tree.  Now, one of these is null.  Then we return false.  Otherwise, we check if they're equal.

 Well, I think I can do this here, if that or that or P dot vowel, it's not equal to Q dot vowel, then return false.  Otherwise, return is the same tree, P dot left, Q dot left, and is same tree.  Is same tree.  Right, Q dot right.  Really, though? Am I not okay? The first example we failed, but the other ones we didn't fail.  Interesting.  So I returned false when I should have returned true.  So which one of these executed? Okay, I returned false.  So I returned to this.  Okay, if P is not equal, okay, so we know they're both not null.

 No, I want this.  I want if P is equal to null or Q is equal to null.  Do you still talk with frying pan since the collab? Very little.  I think I saw a notification like he messaged me today.  I haven't gotten a chance to like look at it, but you know, he's a cool dude.  I don't really talk to anybody though, so it's not like I'm not talking to him.  I'm just not talking, I don't talk to anybody really.  Cool, cool, cool.  Same tree, got it.  Got him.

 And we're at 17.  Do one with Primogen.  Yeah, I like Primogen.  I had like a couple Twitter messages with him other than that I haven't talked to him.  Definitely wanna, like not even about like YouTube collabs, I just want to like talk to him.  He seems cool.  Oh.  Oh.  I kind of want to do some of these, because I know these aren't too bad.  But we are gonna need a queue.

 We are gonna need a queue to do level order traversal.  And let's be real.  Does it go length have a queue? Doesn't need a queue.  I don't know.  I'm not sure if it's going to be a queue.  I'm not sure if it's going to be a queue.  I'm not sure if it's going to be a queue.  Doesn't need to be a double ended queue.  I mean, isn't every queue.  I haven't built in you.

 You gotta be kidding me, dude.  How does somebody solve this problem without a queue? Just use an array.  Does that work? Like, I'll just solve it.  I mean, if we use an array, it still needs to be a dynamic array.  I guess we can use a pointer to keep track of the left and just a pen to the right.  How is GoRoutine's gonna help with this? I don't, I must not understand what GoRoutine is gonna do.  I must not understand what GoRoutines are.  I thought they were a substitute for multi-threading or something like that.  Are you single? I don't know.  Are you a female? Because my answer is gonna depend on that.

 I'm just kidding.  But yes, the answer is yes.  I'm broke as awesome.  Any questions you don't like in chat? Not really.  I mean, nothing really bothers me.  I mean, most people are pretty fine or pretty nice.  But if they weren't, wouldn't really bother me.  I don't really care usually.  Oh my God, you have to use channels as a queue.  This is just rough.

 This is very rough.  Container list.  Container list.  I don't believe it.  Like, what are people doing? What are people doing for GoRoutine? Where's the queue? He's using pre-result.  Pre-result.  What? What? It's a two-dimensional array.  He's appending to it, but he's not really popping.  I mean, I can't even read this.  What is going on? Why are there brackets around that? What? With queue? This person has a queue? Ah.

 Why don't you code on your site? I mean, I wanted to do this as a challenge.  I could have done this.  I don't know if you guys have seen the new thing.  There's some small UI changes here, but we got around.  We got our own thing.  Hey, it even has VIM bindings.  Somebody got mad that it didn't, so I added that.  But yeah.  I'm looking good.  Okay, bro.

 Let's just go to the linked list cycle.  I mean, we know how hash maps work at this point.  Ah.  Visit.  It's going to be a map.  Oh, map.  It's going to map what? Are all the values unique? Or am I going to use the actual list node as the hash key? Or all of them are in range? Actually, why not just use the two pointer solution? Yeah, what am I doing? Slow, fast.  And slow is also going to be ahead and fast.  So we're going to be ahead while.  Or for fast is not equal to null and slow is not.

 I think I can just keep it like that.  And if I ever get if slow is equal to fast, I can return.  It has a cycle.  Okay.  If it doesn't, we shift the pointer.  So slow is equal to slow.  Next, oops.  Fast is equal to fast dot next.  How about while fast is not null and fast dot next is not null.  And we can just shift it twice.

 And if we ever reach the end, of course, there's no cycle.  Okay.  Is, are we at number 18? No.  What? Wait, what are we even doing? What does this mean? What is that negative one coming from? I must have forgotten how to read.  Oh, position.  Okay.  I really didn't read the problem.  There's some note unless they can be reached again.  That just means it doesn't have a cycle though.  So what's wrong with my code? Oh, because they're both equal initially.

 I'm very dumb.  They're already, of course, they're equal initially.  How did I pass 15 test cases like that? I must be losing my mind.  How did I pass 15 test cases? Does this work? And if I make it one, two.  I think that should work.  I don't know.  There might be an edge case that we're missing.  Like, are we making sure we check every possible case? Yeah, we definitely are.  Okay.  Cool.

 Cool.  Number 18.  This is like the coding interview straight out of hell.  Like this will not end.  We're only six and a half hours into this.  Which one did we do? Cycle.  Okay.  I kind of want to do this one now.  Copy this.  Actually, I like both of these problems.

 Let's start with this one.  That feeling when your interviewer hates you.  Do you think coffee not really? I have not drank any coffee today.  Hey, let me buy you a beer when you're in Seattle.  Yeah, appreciate it.  Thank you.  Yeah, I'll have to take you up on that sometime.  Mr.  Niko, do you nasal? What? This one copy.  Yeah, let me just remember what we're even trying to do at this point.

 Oh no, it's not even that hard.  It's just my brain is not gonna be able to think through this.  Do you snuggle? Look at my bed.  Do I have to show you how big my bed is again? Come on now.  I'm kind of hungry again.  Kind of hungry again.  How big is it? The bed? It's not very big.  If you go watch the video, I uploaded today.  You can see it in the background.  Brother, the pillow is thinner than a graham cracker.

 I prefer thin pillows.  Some people have like 15 pillows on their bed.  You can't even sleep with that.  You can't sleep like that.  It's not really possible.  Can you spin the helicopter on your hat? Sure.  Anything for you.  Are you happy? I was actually in South Lake Union as well.  At least that's where I was when I was working at Google.  Yeah, South Lake Union or Seattle is not the best city compared to New York.

 It's just what's the meaning of life? I've been told recently that is to suffer.  That's what I've been told.  I always ask people the same question though.  Like, what's the meaning of life? So you don't hug a second pillow.  I try to keep my anime body pillows off camera.  So yeah.  What was the story with the backpack? It's just the Amazon backpack.  It's just a backpack I got for free from Amazon.  It's just a basic backpack.  It proves I worked at Amazon.

 Do some jumping checks.  I'm going to do some jumping checks.  You're. . .  You're. . .  You're. .

.  You're not going to be able to see me though.  Oh.  Feeling sleepy yet? Not working.  Feeling sleepy yet? Not really.  What did they ask at the Amazon interview? You would not believe the interview process at Amazon.  I don't think I had a real onsite.  Like, everything was digital.  Like, everything was on video calls.  I had like one online assessment.

 It was pretty easy.  And then I had one interview.  One interview round.  And then I was asking me to walk through my online assessment solution.  I didn't even have to do any live coding or anything like that.  I didn't even get many questions on like the leadership principles.  Which usually Amazon asks a lot about.  But for me, they didn't.  But this was like in 2019.  So I guess things were different at that time.

 Does Mr.  Niko have a blank stand up for me? Why does your hat have the price tag still on it? It's not the price tag.  It's a different tag.  Doesn't really say anything.  I think it's just Benjamin Franklin with a propeller hat on.  Yeah.  That's it right there.  Fix that dynamic layout and send it to leak.  What was your Amazon offer? I would literally show you the offer letter right now.  But I'm pretty sure I'm not allowed to show you that.

 But the offer was like standard at that time.  Like they don't negotiate for new grads generally.  I think it was like 140K a year roughly.  If you total up the base salary.  The stocks.  And the sign on bonus.  How much did I make at Google? Pretty similar.  As in like I got paid like the bottom of the band.  I think at Google I think it was higher though.  Like total I was probably making like 160K a year.

 Toddling up like salary stocks and signing bonus.  I don't even think I got a signing bonus from Google.  Yeah.  Are you going to try other companies? That's some point I honestly might.  I'd have to see.  I would definitely want to do something like back end though or something low level or something like infrastructure related.  Things that are like highly technical.  LeBron or Jordan.  Probably Jordan but I like LeBron.  I like LeBron a lot.

 I'm a huge fan of the company.  I'm a huge like NBA fan.  Are you financially stable right now? I'm definitely stable right now.  Do you ball? I play basketball a little bit if that's what you meant.  You a humble man not like Clement.  Well I appreciate that.  I don't really know Clement though so I won't pass any judgment on that.  But yeah.  Will Damien Lillard go to the Miami Heat? I don't even know.  For him it'd be nice but yeah I mean I don't know.

 I would be fine either way.  Okay what are we doing again? I mean we might be able to do this one.  It's just binary search right.  Given an M-Bion matrix of the following two values so as an increasing order of first integer of each row is greater than the last integer of the previous row.  Given an integer target which I'm true if target is in matrix or false otherwise.  Is it four pointers? What is it? There's multiple ways to do this.  You can do like double binary search.  There's a way to do it.  I mean easiest thing is just put it into a single array right.  No that's not efficient.

 Yeah I don't work at Google anymore.  I do not work at Google anymore.  Alright I think I'm going to get something to eat or something to drink.  Maybe a couple like puffs and then I'll be right back.  I'm dying.  I'm dying.  I'm dying.  you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you speaking of food.  What other polls should I do? mm mm mm mm mm mm mm I don't know.  I don't got any ideas.

 Are you planning on doing a meetup? I would love to, but I feel like it's a lot of work setting it up.  I'm ending like a sandwich.  Like a McDonald sandwich.  Now let's ask chat GPT.  What kind of polls we should do.  Meetup local McDonald.  You know, I would actually enjoy that.  Favorite is something star.  Or favorite, yeah.  All right, we're asking me.

 Now you want to pull first language, pull.  Hmm.  Let me ask like, which do you prefer run end, back end, or bull stack? And we're not talking about tech stacks here.  I'm just kidding.  Favorite K-pop star? I mean, my favorite K-pop group.  I had like a K-pop phase when I was like four or five years ago.  This was probably my favorite K-pop group, Red Velvet.  Anybody like them? This song is such a banger.  Such a banger.  What is going on? I just joined.

 Well, we tried solving lead cut problems and we're still trying.  But my brand is more fried than usual.  This is definitely not going to be a heap and go laying.  This is not going to be a heap.  Okay, let's do this.  Add two numbers.  Okay, we add them.  So we have two, three, four, two, four, three.  Isn't it something like they represented the opposite order? This is just a certain reverse order.  I mean, that makes it easier because the ones places here, we get, add these two, we get a remainder or not a remainder, a carry.

 Okay, that's doable.  Even with the go line, we can do this.  Yeah, I should definitely decorate the room.  I don't disagree with that.  I'm trying not to chew into the mic, sorry.  Looks like a jail cell, probably.  Is that McDonald's? Yep.  Are there turner operators in go laying? Is it just C syntax or did they find a new clever way to make turner operators? Okay, now they're pretty much the same as C.  Wait, no, go does not.  Why? Why, dude? Why? I'm just defeated.

 I just can't do it.  That was the last draw, dude.  How? Okay.  That's just the digit one is going to be zero and digit two is going to be zero.  Initially, if L1 is not nil, then digit one is going to be L1 dot value, same thing, L2.  And then we add them together, D1 plus D2.  Which problem is this? This is add two numbers.  What is the benefit of go? I don't really get it.  I don't either.  I guess it's like for production engineering.

 I mean, I guess it's less verbose than Java, I guess.  I mean, I don't know.  Can you flex your biceps? You really want me to? Nice hat, by the way, thank you.  What am I doing? Digit is going to be equal to adding them together.  I guess we can build a resulting list is create a node.  And I remember this, we need the address of operator.  Or at least that's how I learned what it is.  And it's just a dummy node.  So we're just going to add zero nil.  And we're going to return result dot next.

 What's your private tutor rate? I don't really do private tutoring.  Because most somebody would be willing to pay for that.  I'm curious.  I've seen people offer pretty insane private tutoring rates.  Yeah, I don't think I would generally do that though.  15 rupees.  You know what? I'll take it.  Okay, add these two together.  But we also need the remainder.  And that's going to be digit.

 Surely we have the module operator right.  We do have this in go.  I hope.  A thousand an hour.  Yeah, I don't think anybody would be willing to pay that.  I'm pretty much doing.  I mean, if the number of viewers gets low enough, the stream might be a private tutoring session.  The remainder is going to be that.  And we want the digit.  But no, remainder.

 Yeah, we want the remainder.  But we want enough to carry if we have a carry.  It's just going to be digit divided by 10.  And we think it rounds down by default.  You still smoke weed on a regular basis.  Why is everybody so curious about that? I'll just say I try my best not to.  We'd make you paranoid.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, that's milk.

 I just got it because it's easy to drink.  Like that's calories.  It's just regular milk.  Like 2%.  Okay, where are we at? Okay, we got.  We got the carry.  But we need the carry for the next iteration of the loop.  So let's just initialize the carry here.  We need it.  Have you ever worked a difficult manual labor job? I wouldn't say like, well, I mean, you can judge.

 I'll just tell you the jobs that I had.  When I was in high school, I had a cashier job.  In college, I had like a custodian job, like cleaning stuff, cleaning toilets.  And in college, after that, I had a math tutor job.  Like for the school, like a math teaching assistant.  Syntax Air Line 9.  Oh.  Are you blocking? I'm not eating that much.  Like, I've not eaten a lot today.  Why did you move to the US? My family moved here.

 How are you liking Go so far? You know, I'm actually getting used to some aspects of it.  I just don't really understand how like.  And probably a lot of these problems are happening because we're doing leak code problems.  They wouldn't really come up in regular development.  But it's really painful.  How nothing exists.  Like, you have to do everything from scratch.  It feels like.  I don't know.  What does primogen think of Go? Does primogen like Go? What's your private tutoring rate? You know what? It's going to be like 2000 an hour.

 So I don't think anyone's going to want to do that.  And that's the point.  He likes it.  Really.  Interesting.  Hmm.  Do you like carrots? They're fine.  If they're like boiled.  I don't really like raw carrots.  Docker is built with Go.

 That makes sense.  I mean, I feel like I've gotten better at Go.  Like, I mean more or less understand what's going on.  I still don't know why we have stars here.  And the other operator here.  Uh, whatever.  Kubernetes is too.  Yeah, that makes sense as well.  What are we doing? We got to create a new list now at some point.  List node.

 And I'm going to use the address of operator, I guess.  I want to say result.  Oh, no.  Results.  Yeah, result dot next again.  Let's also say, Kerr is going to be equal to result.  That's going to be the one that gets updated.  Kerr dot next is equal to that.  And Kerr dot next is equal to, then Kerr is equal to Kerr dot next.  It's a pointer to a node, but why? Like, as far as I know, I've been using it just like Java.

 It's like a reference to an object.  Like, that's what I've been using it as.  Is it is the difference that we just don't need the arrows? Because isn't it like in C++? If this was a pointer, I would have to do this.  Would not have to dereference it and then get the value, right? So why are we just allowed to say dot in C++, to the shorthand of doing what I just showed you is this.  So like, what the hell are we doing? I don't know.  I'm not even going to ask the questions.  OK.  I'm not going to ask that question.  What's the most difficult part of learning a new coding language? Honestly, for me, it's just memorizing it.  None of this, like none of the stuff we're doing, it's really not complicated, is it? Like, conceptually, we're doing the same things we did in Python.

 It's just the syntax for me.  I don't even work.  Like, I use JavaScript and TypeScript the most.  And I don't even remember things about those languages.  Understanding it isn't so hard, at least for me.  It's like memorizing it as hard.  Are you OK, man? Yeah.  I'm pretty good.  What's the most difficult part? You've actually been working on myOliveD, but it's just so agrees for the job that I'm doing that's probably one of I Mm-hmm.  You might not have a Hebrew term 700 number of languages.

 Let's do that.  I've had a lot of issue binoculars, um, I have a security message on a text message down here for BGW around me, I mean, I guess it would be better if I didn't work too much.  Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.  The remainder is what we want to go here.  Yeah.  That's what we want in the nil here.  This is pretty close.  I know we have some bugs that I think it's faster to just run it to figure out what those bugs are.  Carried declared but not used.  Say what? Isn't it used down here? Oh, it's it's assigned here, but it's not used there either.

 And now that's that's true.  That's because when we calculate the digit, we actually want the carry and the two digits to be added together.  See it's so much faster having, is it infinite loop? Yup.  We did not shift to the pointers.  We did not shift to pointers.  Okay, after we get the digit, we're not really using these anymore.  So can we just do this here to avoid an extra if statement? Can we just say L1 is equal to L1 dot next? I think we can.  DL2 is equal to L2 dot next.  I don't even know how I got through this 24 hour stream last time because we're like a third of the way there and I'm already dying.  Like, I feel like that's the best part of watching the stream.

 You have a chance of seeing me actually die on stream.  There's a very non-zero chance of that happening.  Hmm.  Okay, what? Okay, this is not a bad example.  This is not a bad example.  Okay, I see it.  I see it.  I see it.  If there's a carry after we're done with this, we do have to add that at the end.  That's a very good test case.

 Just going to yank this and I don't really need that.  Do I? I just need this.  Don't die drink more milk.  If what's this? If carry is greater than zero.  And then we do this.  What do we do? We don't do the remainder though.  We do the carry.  We add a one.  That's all we would do.  Please let that take care of the test case.

 Okay.  There still might be some that we're missing.  Too lazy to check.  Yes.  Yes.  Okay, add two numbers.  That's 19.  That's 19.  You know, if we were doing Python, you guys don't even know.  You don't even know how much we could have done.

 Like, I have not made that many mistakes today.  I have not.  I've mostly just messed up that way and like going a lot.  I am not a self-taught.  I do have a degree.  But I will say that like, if you ever feel like, oh, I'm not good enough because I'm self-taught.  I'm not as good as somebody who went to a college.  99% of people who go to college are also self-taught.  Like, you can't really rely on your college professors that much.  And even if they're really, really good, even if you have the best professor in the world, like you go to lectures for like a couple hours a week.

 99% of the time is spent on like, you just spending time alone learning.  So it's not that different going to college versus being self-taught.  Yeah, I did do the last stream in Python.  I didn't do great in that one either.  But like, this time I was ready.  Like, I'm ready to kill these problems.  But I'm just like, go laying is so bad, dude.  I don't even know how to use a cue.  How did this person do it? Did they? Wait, what? Wait, wait, they have a cue? It's just an array.  And then you call NQ.

 Oh.  Oh.  Can we do that? Are you tired of wearing the hat for seven hours kind of? Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.

 Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.

 Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Oh.  Where your hat backwards.  You know what? Well, the tag is kind of in the way.

 Like Ash catch him.  My engineering degree was all self taught.  Yep.  Yeah.  Some of the Java solutions on the website are not close to the Python solutions.  You're 100% right.  And I'm trying to work on that.  These are not in the built-in package, but leak code probably includes them.  Oh, no.  This person actually just wrote them.

 Fuck.  No.  Oh.  You accept pull requests for people who convert your Python into Java 100% and I actually do right now just some of the people who.  A lot of the people who contribute unfortunately don't do that.  Yeah.  But yeah, this is the repo.  If you want to contribute.  Yeah.  Yeah.

 Yeah.  Yeah.  Is working on Google or Amazon actually make people rich.  Eventually, yeah.  Like any high paying career like being a doctor will make you rich.  Of course, if you just save your money, well, you might have a lot of debt as well.  You got a similar experience to me, cold quitting without anything lined up.  Yeah.  I feel bad.  Like, I think about it.

 Like things worked out for me.  But what about the people who had like a bad experience? Like, I think about it.  And they just thought, oh, it's just my fault.  Like after I quit Amazon, I was like, damn, like, I guess software engineering just isn't it isn't the career for me.  I guess I'll just find like a minimum wage job or something.  But it's just, yeah, sometimes things are just out of your control.  What are you good at other than quitting? That's a good question.  It's a very good question.  You know, we theoretically are you drinking milk? Yeah.  Why you guys got something against milk? It's straight from the cow.

 Isn't that like a primogen joke too? I didn't understand that inside joke.  Does somebody want to explain it to me? Oh, somebody donated a bit ago.  I'm really sorry if I missed that.  Thank you for all the videos.  You helped me grow faster in my understanding of algorithms.  Thank you so much.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you.  But yeah, it doesn't primogen have something like you guys see this tweet.  I hope I can find it.

 The milk tweet, it was so perfect.  Ah, I'm not going to be able to find it.  It's like one of his most popular tweets.  Like, is anybody know what I'm talking about? He's like on a jet ski.  And yeah, I don't think I can find a primogen jet ski.  Milk.  Yeah, that's not going to be a.  Okay, well, this is definitely not it, but something about milk.  Keep that glass half full.  Like, I'm not, you guys know, I'm not the only one.

 Okay, maybe milk drinking milk just makes you better at programming.  Okay.  Milk is nasty without food item.  Yeah, I mean, I don't usually drink milk when I'm eating regular food.  It's just some hungry and milk is like the easiest thing to eat.  You just drink it.  I need like a protein shake or something.  I drink soy milk because I'm a soy boy.  What are we even doing? Like, is it? This guy had to write his own cue.  I don't want that to be me.

 I just don't.  Let's do this one.  How is the typical workday at Google? Is it more stressful than other companies? For me, it was not.  I mean, it's stressful in different ways.  Like, I talked about earlier, like the internal tools are kind of rough to learn, and the documentation isn't always great.  But culture-wise, it's pretty relaxed.  I heard it's not.  I heard they're trying to make it less relaxed.  But in general, the culture isn't too bad.  Yeah.

 Yeah.  What time is it for me? It's like 5'40 on Pacific Standard Time.  All right.  A deep copy of a list with a random pointer, a link list length and given that each note contains additional random pointer, which can point to any note in the list or null.  So how do you clone a list like that? Well, you first just clone it from left to right.  These are just nodes.  They're not even called list nodes.  Oh, man.  Yeah, let's just take a week.  Now we're going to need to create a hash map.

 I don't even know what we're mapping, though, because, okay, let's say I went through this list.  I'm going through the original list for every node.  I'm creating a copy of each node.  That's fine.  But even just connecting the next pointer, how can I do that if the next node doesn't exist yet? How do I do that? How about I just map every original node to the clone? Because then I can do it after the fact map original to clone.  And I just call it map.  No, I can't do that.  Clones, I guess.  Oh, man, I'm going to make it a map.  It's going to be star node, mapped to a star node, and it's empty initially.

 Curr is going to be at head, or curr is not equal to now.  Create a clone of this node, okay? I can do that by calling list node, the parameter.  It's going to be curr. val.  And I'm going to initially set the pointers to nil, because we want those to also be from the clones, not from the original list.  This is the clone.  I'll just call it c, and we're going to map the original to the clone.  Okay, now we've done that.  And now all of the clones exist.  We just have to fix the pointers.

 I feel like I'm doing something wrong.  I feel like I'm missing something, because I don't know if it's really that easy.  I don't think it is.  And then we actually already have the head as well.  We can just go into our clones, take the original head, it'll map to the cloned head.  And yeah.  That map won't compile.  Why? What did I do wrong? I'm not moving the cur pointer.  Jesus.  Oh, I need the colon.

 Oh, I don't forget that this time.  Seven hours of looking at leak code.  Yeah.  I mean, at this rate, we can get to 60 problem solved.  That's not bad, but it's not 100.  It's like I'm fighting with the language, dude.  So frustrating.  It doesn't even have built-in data structures.  Why? I can imagine if Go was like the only language you know.  Like, I thought JavaScript was bad because it doesn't have a lot of the built-in data structures.

 But man, Go doesn't even have a queue.  Like, what? You're the next Go-Lang God.  You know, you never know.  I'm getting decent with it.  JavaScript has most of the data structures, but it does not have priority queues.  You can just import them at least on leak code.  There is a library you can use for that.  But still.  What am I doing? Okay, I'm going through every clone.  I want, or I'm going through every node.

 I'm getting the clone.  Getting the clone.  Like this, clones.  Oh, yeah, which part does here and get this here? How is this not going to compile though? Isn't that the syntax for creating maps like we did it before? Currently, we did it before.  Is it the star node? Like, look at that.  That looks the same syntax-wise.  Oh.  Oh, my God.  It's not a. .

.  So you can't hash it.  Then what? What? They'll call me LSD leak code.  I don't really care.  I don't know.  It doesn't really do nothing to me.  Wait, so if you can't do that, I mean, do I take the address of? I don't know.  I don't understand.  Like, you can't really get around that, can you? I just want to see how he did the hash map.  Oh, my God.

 Just show the code already.  Oh, you have to call make.  Is that it? I mean, I'm just going to go with what he did.  As long as I know for sure it's going to work, I'll do that.  All right.  All right.  Okay, I'm getting the clone from clones.  Okay, now all I need to do before I go to the next node is say, for this node, the value, no, not the value.  We already set the value.  The next, as well as the random.

 Next is going to be clones, or dot next, right? So if we have the next node of curl, we can get the cloned version of that too.  Same thing with the random.  Might be an error or two in there, but I'd rather just run it.  Too many values.  What do you mean too many values? What? Didn't this person do the same thing? What did they do? Oh, this is wrong.  Address of.  What? What? How is this allowed? But what I did isn't.  Oh, it's called node.  What? I'm so stupid.  I guess we don't have to have Nell.

 We didn't need to do that.  Those are optional.  I guess.  Yeah, so these are like the ones that you, it starts from beginning to end.  And if you don't specify some of them, then they're for their optional.  And tight script, you'd have to specify that they're optional.  Okay.  Okay, if we got a few test cases, maybe we'll get all of them.  Nice.  Nice.

 Ah, copy us to the random pointer.  It's so frustrating, dude.  I wanted to do 100 problems.  And I would have used a different language if I had known, go was this bad.  Like, this is how you know I really have not used go before.  What are your thoughts on imposter syndrome? I mean, I don't know.  I can only speak for like myself.  And I can say that like, I'm at a point where like I don't really have imposter syndrome.  I had it very badly when I did my first internship.  And when I was at Amazon for a bit.

 But at this point, I do not feel like that anymore.  Because I know like, you know, I have my strengths and weaknesses just like everybody else.  And even like after being at Google, you know, I think people have this conception that like, oh, everybody who works at Google is like a genius engineer.  And when you actually are there and you kind of experience it for yourself, you realize that yeah, there's a lot of people like Google that are really, really smart.  But and everybody at Google is smart.  But like, you know, you've been living your life, you know, you've gone through high school and college.  You probably knew some smart people.  And the people who work at Google aren't that different from like the average smart person in your class who's like getting straight A's or something or maybe they're getting C's.  But they spend all their time working on side projects and they're pretty good at the side projects.  Like, it's not that different than that.

 They're just smart people.  Most of them aren't like special.  Just average smart people.  Do you still hit that bong every now and then why do you want to join me or something? I need advice for CS students.  You said yes, you do want to join me? Oh, no, that's a different person.  Oh, you said sure.  Okay, that's 20.  Hell is going on.  Yeah, this was not very useful.  This was not useful.

 Are there any easy problems left at this point? Like, please, bro, please, I can't even do any of the breadth for search problems because we don't have a queue.  We just don't have a queue.  Maybe.  I feel like the stack.  We can do that.  I just forget how we append.  I'll just have to.  to look it up real quick.  I just saw your Amazon video.  Your videos helped me get my first job and now I'm a Salesforce developer for the state government.

 You're just a congratulations.  That's awesome.  So weird, I feel like I spent like pretty much my whole life sitting at a computer and everything I learned, I learned from random people on the internet.  I didn't really have a lot of like role model people in my life.  And now I'm like a random person on the internet helping other people.  I think that's pretty cool.  I would not want it any other way.  Give us a ring as. . .

 Okay.  Okay.  So we want to map the open to the close because when we go through character by character, do we even care about the index? No.  So for underscore character and or like this.  That's. . .  I love you, bro.  Thank you.  I love you too.

 How did you start with leak code and how do you reach such a high level? Mostly just practicing.  Just being stubborn with solutions, which I wouldn't, I don't think it's the best way to do it, but like if you really want something, you can usually find a way.  Like you might not take the like path of least resistance, unfortunately, but you can find a way.  And like. . .  Like I, that's like how you should do it now.  My recommendation would be use something like this where like things are relatively organized and if you're just solving problems randomly, you're gonna get to problems like. . .

 You might get to a problem like this, like end queens.  You don't have a chance of solving that problem unless you've done the easier ones.  And yeah.  And you don't really have a chance of doing a two-dimensional DP problem unless you probably solve some of the one-dimensional ones.  So that's my advice.  Try to do things in a reasonable order.  You won't probably do it in the best order.  Everybody wants to do the 100% best, most efficient way to do this.  And that's hard to do.  Like has anybody done it like in the perfect way? Probably not.

 You don't have to do it perfectly.  You'll end up wasting some time, but like it's better to waste time actually doing it than wasting time like going on internet forums, like going on Reddit and asking people, hey, how do I prepare? How do I prepare? Like I was kind of like that too.  You spend like more time thinking about how you should prepare than actually preparing.  And that's just not very smart.  Admit you miss Citer V dude.  You should not have mentioned that.  I used Citer until the day they stopped letting people use it.  I did not want to switch to Citer V.  I just did not.  Like, and it was kind of buggy when they released it.

 It was definitely buggy.  It did not have all of the same functionality.  They said it did, but it did not.  Context, I don't think I can give context if the person who commented wants to go for it, but I don't think I'm allowed to.  Is this problem easy? Not negative in our short A.  Every element appears twice, except for one.  Oh, I know this.  I literally did a problem.  The daily leak could problem yesterday.  Was a variation of this one.

 So you're LinkedIn posts, keep doing what you're doing.  I really appreciate that.  Thank you.  I don't know about you guys, but like, do you ever feel uncomfortable when people are like nice to you? Like I don't know how to react to niceness.  I would rather people like make jokes about me.  Like yeah.  Good.  I don't know what I'm saying.  I'm just going to say I'm going to do that.  I'm going to say that I'm going to do something.

 I'm going to do something.  I'm going to do something.  I'm going to do something.  I'm going to do something.  I'm going to do something.  Good morning.  Hey.  Good morning.  I assume you're probably in India time zone.  What's up, bro? You're doing it again? Hell yeah.

 Hell yeah.  Which part of the USSR are you from? I'm from Seattle.  Yeah, I'm still alive, barely.  Yeah, I mean, we got to have XOR.  You can't say this is like a low level, like, efficiency language.  Go Lang has XOR.  Does it? Please? Yeah.  I'm going to say this is like a low level, like, efficiency language.  Go Lang has XOR.  Does it? Please? Oh, thank God it does.

 Okay.  So we know the duplicates are just going to cancel out.  So can we just say results is zero? And then just go through every, don't need the index, but every N in Nums.  And can we XOR it with that? And then can we just return the result? Maybe there's some like BS type conversion stuff that's going to happen, but I think for the most part, this is right.  Of course, is this even my fault? But I'll range.  That's my fault.  What the hell happened? Oh, it worked.  Okay.  Hey, thank you so much for the donation.  Thank you.

 Thank you, Dennis.  I appreciate it.  Thank you.  Watching you from Los Angeles.  Nice.  I don't think I've been to Los Angeles.  I've been to the Bay area.  Yeah, LA seems fun.  Blind praises me and they hate everyone.  Yeah, but you never know.

 Like that's the thing about when people like you.  Of course, it feels good when everybody likes you, but like all of a sudden, people can just change their minds.  People can start hating you and you don't even know why.  It might not even be your fault.  So that's why I try not to get too attached to that.  Like, I appreciate all of it, of course, but I try not to like care too much about it.  Hey, thank you so much for the donation.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.

 Bro, you're an FOB.  Does that mean fresh off the boat? Yeah, I'm just going to get a tattoo that says, need code.  Wait, we're at 21 now.  I'm getting Cheetos.  Guess the flavor.  Hot Cheetos, I guess.  Lime maybe.  But 10 reasons you should not learn.  Oh, I'm so ready to make that video.  Do we have another reasonable problem here? Number of one bits.

 Okay.  So, what is this? This input must be a binary string.  I mean, I know what they mean, but why even call it that? How many monitors do you have? I have two monitors right now.  Were you nervous to do a face reveal? No, definitely.  That is important.  But this wasn't an idea, I artillery.  Look at this, it's gone.  I will ask you this, what are you climbing up on? At your base to awubs first used drones? maybe every six weeks.  Why? Did you guys see that hair? Could I got that other day? It's actually in one of my videos.  I'll show it to you.

 Let me show it to you.  Like this barber just decided for no reason to just mess my whole day up.  Like, like, look at that thing.  Look at it.  Like, look at my face.  Oh, why is it? Why is it overlaid? Okay, you can kind of see it, right? Damn it.  You can't.  I'll just mute it.  Like, look, look, look at that.  Look at that.

 You ever heard of the sliding window algorithm? Well, what about the sliding window haircut? Because that guy, I just told him, like, take a little off the top.  Just a little off the top, man.  And he just decided to, like, f my shit up.  Like, what? What? Looks okay.  You don't have to lie, bro.  Got a skin fade.  Yeah.  Okay, so with this, we're always going to take the mod and add it.  Numb modded by two.  We could just take the bit, the one bit.

 So, and it with one.  Either one, I think, works.  Numb ended with one.  Should give us the one bit.  And then Numb can be shifted to the right.  By one, if I'm doing this correctly with ghosts and tax and then, this is it.  Oh, thank you, Sunny.  Thank you.  Keep going.  Yeah.

 Can I cast it to an unsigned int 32? I mean, there's really no implicit type conversion.  And we're okay.  I'm trying to get used to that.  Really, though.  What? Now it's like, yeah, I don't know.  I don't know what's going on here.  What am I doing wrong? Like, I just want to know what's going on with the types.  Numb is of type in 32 unsigned int 32.  This is the same assuming that's working.  How can I not end this? Is this not in 32? Okay, you need to explicitly declare it as int 32.

 And then can I return in int 32 as that? Or am I going to have to like cast it? Unsigned int 32.  And we also need var.  Can't forget that because that makes a lot of sense.  But is that it? Can we return this as an int? Or do we have to cast it as an int? Yep, we have to cast it.  Okay.  I mean, I can do that.  But yeah, that's that's that's just great.  What? Oh wait, wait, I have to cast it back to an int not int32.  It's already int32.  Casting couch vibes.

 What? Say what? I don't even know what that means.  That was 32 point.  So questions.  Sure, you don't.  Of course, I don't.  Who do you think I am? Well, you're good at lead code with second projects.  What do you need to do to get a fang rule? I mean, to pass the interview, you doesn't really matter.  Projects don't really matter to pass the interview.  Obviously, for those interviews, lead code is kind of the bottom line.  But for getting interviews in the first place and maybe like team matching or whatever, I would try to work on any project, honestly, like, well, you can't really go wrong with any project.

 As long as you, I a lot of people will create like really shallow projects and by shallow, I just mean like beginner type projects.  They do like the bare minimum to put something on their resume.  But I think it's better to do one project really, really well.  Like go far into it.  Like, okay, you can spend 40 hours on a project.  Get it done in a week.  Why stop there? Why not make it really, really good if you enjoy doing it? That's kind of what I did with like neat code stuff.  Yeah, but I don't know.  Okay, some of you guys and chat, some of you guys, when you're talking about weird mechanical forced American accent, believe it or not, this is actually my real voice.  If I sound mechanical, it's mostly because usually when I talk, like I slower my speech, like I talk really, really quickly and like my words like, I don't really have a list or anything like that, but my words like blur together.

 So I talk slowly and like mechanically, especially in my videos, like I'll enunciate every single word very carefully so that people can like understand what I'm saying.  Okay, I think you just, I think you just made the same comment three times in a row.  For my projects, I wrote my own version of OpenAI as well as an open source SDK for self-hosting magic link servers.  That's impressive.  Open API.  When you exercise before your Google interview, did you bench press 250? Maybe like half that.  Do you make the graphs with 3JS? No, I can show you the library I used.  I don't even remember what it is, angular.  It's getting kind of hot in here.  Morning, Hogue by Morning.

 Yep.  I don't even know what did I do? NGX graph or something? Yeah, this is the one by Swimlane.  Yeah, this is what I did.  And you know, the docs are not great.  I mean, they're good enough for what I wanted to do.  Yeah, custom SVG.  This is what I did because not only do you want it to be a graph, you want, you want to be able to customize the nodes.  And honestly, like nobody cares about dragging this, right? It's just about dragging the map, maybe zooming in on it.  But yeah, like nobody cares about dragging the things.  I don't think.

 So yeah, yeah, I did it in angular.  Do you like IntelliJ or VS Visual Studio? I mean, as far as I know, people use IntelliJ for Java and Visual Studios for C and C sharp and mostly the Microsoft ecosystem, unless you're talking about VS code.  Why do you pretend to speak Hindi in an accent? That's, believe it or not, that is my accent.  I don't speak Hindi without an accent.  My mutation and a string of this is just a sliding window problem.  We have a chance.  We do have a chance to solve it with go.  So can you say hi, Rekfeech? Is that how I say it? I probably did not say that right.  Rekfeech.  Rageesh.

 Wow, you're still alive.  Yep.  Unfortunately, is it Herman Miller? No, it's, I got it from like Staples or something.  It's cheaper than a Herman Miller.  It's like 200 bucks.  I think either Amazon or Google paid for it.  So yeah.  Yeah.  Well, do you still live in Seattle? I live close to Seattle.  Closer to the suburbs.

 Hiking.  Yeah, that's it.  I don't know how people remember like chair names off the top of their heads, but yeah, this is it.  This person just knew the name.  Like, you didn't even see that chair.  You just see like the headrest, right? This guy knew.  This is a chair.  It's like 200 bucks.  Oh, damn, I should have got the pink one.  Oh, it's cheaper too.

 Damn.  Actually, this one's cheaper too.  What the heck? Why is black so expensive? Just like you remember elite code problems, I remember chairs.  Yeah, that's, I mean, that's a very good talent to be honest.  I would rather remember chairs.  Doesn't he stream on Twitch? I should have streamed on Twitch, but I don't know if my internet would have been able to handle doing two streams at the same time.  A chair connoisseur.  Do you use discord or slack? I use discord.  I don't even use discord that much.  Your voice sounds just like your recorded voice.

 I don't think my voice sounds like this in real life, though.  I think part of it is the microphone, but yeah.  Oh.  Okay, what's this question? Given two strings, S1 and S2 return true.  If S2 contains a permutation, S1.  Return true if one of S1's permutations is a substring S2.  I mean, that's just sliding window.  Isn't it? They're going to have my left and right pointers.  Actually, I don't need a right pointer, do I? I'm just going to loop for that for R underscore.  No, I need the character R.

 See, the right pointer in the character.  And S2.  Okay, I think I might need to take a break.  I'm trying to feel like dizzy.  Are you getting a fever? It's crazy.  You just asked that because I think I'm starting to.  I'm going to take an Advil.  It's not from staying up.  It's only what, six o'clock or something.  Yeah, it's like six o'clock.

 I think I've just been talking this whole time.  I don't like my voice is starting to hurt from just talking to you guys.  Do you watch anime? Yeah, not anymore, actually.  I mean, I would.  I watch anything that's good.  I mostly watch like old stuff.  I rewatch old stuff because I don't really like the new stuff.  I don't like the art style, either.  Do you got 16 hours in yet? You might be surprised.  Like the longest I've stayed up for, I believe it or not, is like three days in a row.

 It wasn't even on purpose either.  I just could not sleep.  I got the end of those three days.  I was genuinely shocked.  I was still alive.  I was like, how is this even possible? Have you seen a tack on Titan? Yeah, I have.  I don't think I watched all of it though.  I don't think it's finished yet, but I watched I read most of it.  Do you like Russell Brand? I don't think I know anything about him.  I really don't think I do.

 I think there's some like drama about him recently, but where are you on drugs? Oh, what were the hallucinations? Like after three days? I don't even remember.  They're just painful.  You know, when you're really sleepy, you just feel tired.  You're physically feel tired.  Your brain feels tired.  You just feel really sleepy.  When you stay up for 24 hours or two days or even three days in a row, it's a different kind of tired.  You don't feel sleepy, actually.  Your head, you just feel like massive amounts of adrenaline.  Your whole body just hurts.

 Like all your muscles just ache for no reason.  Well, there's probably a reason and yeah, you just feel physically awful.  You feel sick.  You feel like you're actually dying slowly.  That's what it feels like.  If you could box one tech influencer, who would it be and why is it tech lead? Yeah, I wouldn't mind boxing tech lead.  I wouldn't mind boxing most YouTubers.  As long as they wouldn't like completely beat my ass.  Keep chewing something like gum.  Yeah, I might have some gum around here.

 It's like coming down from a stimulant.  Yeah.  Oh, you're going to sleep.  Good night.  I'll be here when you wake up.  Don't worry about it.  Do you exercise? Yeah, exercise.  I just need like deep breaths.  Anybody want to do like yoga or like some meditation or something? See you in the morning.  Yep.

 Sweet dreams.  Yeah.  Sing us on.  Is there anything like non-copy right? We can watch.  Are we going to scroll through Twitter? Anybody want to do that? I just really hope nothing shows up that shouldn't show up because okay, I just some some creator stuff.  Cool.  Interesting.  Do you speak Spanish? What made you try learning Go? You're about to do all 24 hours in silence.  I don't speak Spanish.  Get some fresh air.

 I don't want to though.  You follow any NS FW accounts.  I do not anytime like you know like anytime.  I'll just say it.  I don't mean this in a negative way.  But anytime like horny baiting content comes into my feet.  I just block the account because you know, it's just it is what it is.  And it's usually this guy Martin Schrely, he's always liking and following those types of things and then it just randomly shows up in my feed.  That mother F.  Ah.

 Interesting.  Yeah, I mean this is I don't really go on Twitter like, oh, is this is it? Okay, maybe not.  Is this a programmer? Well, I don't even follow them yet.  It's followed by Martin.  Who's surprised? Barma bro? Yeah.  Advent of code.  Huh, is that just start? Oh, there's me.  Yeah, this is, this is kind of boring.  Like, where's the jokes? Oh, there's UW.  Who's this guy? Oh, I got to follow this guy.

 He goes to UW and he's building something.  See, like, this is what you need to be doing.  You need to be building projects and like, then just posting a lot on Twitter.  That's what all the cool kids are doing these days.  I'm going to give this guy a follow.  So he goes to UW.  Because the UW, million. js, make React faster.  Okay.  I mean, cool.

 Is that it? Like, I mean, that's great.  That's probably technically hard to do and he's probably really smart, but like, okay.  That's it.  Just making React faster.  Is it a different framework or what is it? Okay.  Okay.  This is what I'm talking about.  Who is this guy? I'm not following him.  Who is he? Why is he putting this in my feed? Is this UW? Damn, I got to go to UW, dude.  I'm kidding.

 Oh, interesting.  Okay.  Why see people? Why see comments? I'm going to read the comments.  Okay.  Why see people? Why see comment or why commentator? Yeah.  Yeah.  This is this is not it.  I got to find better people to follow or something.  Amazon sucks.  UW student here.

 Hey.  How's it going? I left your company.  Why did you move to America? My family just moved here.  Not just moved here, but they moved here.  Okay.  And I was raised in America.  Okay.  I'm a fake Indian.  Is that what you wanted to hear? I don't even drink tea.  I don't even drink tea.

 Like, do you know how hard it is to visit? Like, my in-laws and stuff? Like, they're like, hey, you want tea? You want tea? You want this? I don't even eat sweet food.  So you can imagine what that's like.  They're like, hey, here's some food.  Here's some food.  Hey, take it.  Take more.  Take everything.  You go to UW too.  Damn, everybody out here is a UW student.  There's only like 300 people watching.

 How many of you guys are UW students? You did not just ask me when did you move to America again? Oh, hey, I answered the wrong question.  I answered why did you move to America? No, I'm not married.  I'm not married.  What's your real name? I'm glad you asked.  Let me point you to my LinkedIn, where, you know, while you're there, you might as well like the post that I just made.  You know, my first LinkedIn post.  So you can see my real name there and just give it, give it a fat heart for me.  Oh, you got a UW but University of Wisconsin.  Yeah, there's a lot of UWs.  There's Waterloo.

 There's Wisconsin.  There's Washington.  Oh, thank you.  Fat heart given.  And you know, while you're there, you might as well share the post as well.  You might as well do that.  Yeah, like it's intense like my head.  This is a very unique feeling, but we're only eight hours in.  It's not going to be long before our second wind kicks in.  And at that point, we have a pretty good chance of getting to 100 problems, you know, I think you sent a connection request.

 It's going to take me a long time to get through those connection requests.  Can I pull up my LinkedIn actually? I don't want to like leak anything.  Oh, damn it.  There's everywhere, dude.  Yeah, let's go through LinkedIn.  I'm going to go through LinkedIn.  Yeah, let's go through LinkedIn.  Or as some people call it, cringed in.  What do you guys actually? Let me make another poll.  Let's make one more poll.

 Is linked in cringed? Yes or no? Can you marry me, meow, meow per? I'll give you a heart, but I don't know.  Damn, you guys really think it's cringed.  It's cringed, but like, like, I wonder like, as you see, these people, these people post on LinkedIn, and they interact with people on LinkedIn.  I wonder, did these people also think LinkedIn is cringed? Like, is it just like an elephant in the room where everybody thinks everybody acknowledges that it's cringed? But people do it anyway.  People just use LinkedIn anyway.  I don't think I'm following most of these people.  Like, what is this? Okay, we agree that LinkedIn is cringed, but like, it's like something else.  Indian LinkedIn is another level of cringed.  Like, what is this? What? I know this actor too.  Like, don't be fooled.

 This is not an American movie.  This is Indian, okay? This is Indian.  Okay, don't be fooled by the white people in the background.  This is not an American movie.  This is Indian, okay? Yeah.  Rochon.  Kritik or however you pronounce his name.  So, yeah.  Okay.  Okay, so you guys agree that it is cringed? Okay.

 I mean, parts of it are cringed.  You bet at the same time, like, at least people on LinkedIn are like pretty serious.  They're not like, you know, you're probably not going to get harassed on LinkedIn or anything like that.  So, you got at least acknowledged that.  Yeah, there's nothing here.  There's nothing here.  There's never been anything on LinkedIn.  Let's get rid of that.  Do you know Striver? I don't.  Not personally.

 I know of him.  And yeah, he's cool as far as I know.  From the little bit that I know about him.  I want to get your blessing on the extension that you're building, crawling my YouTube playlist.  Yeah, that's perfectly fine with me.  Where you got a high school.  Does that matter? I don't know if that matters.  Uh, I don't think you record.  Whoops.  Sorry about that.

 I don't think you recognize how many LinkedIn requests I have right now.  Like it's going to, it's, it was like 6,000 when I started the stream.  And after I made that post, it might be at like 9,000 right now.  Do you know how long that's going to take me to go through? Oh, it's, it's a meme.  Yeah.  I mean, I'm just joking around.  Like I thought that thing was kind of funny.  At least people are making jokes.  It's not, it's not the cringes thing I've ever seen on LinkedIn.  What are your hobbies? I don't, how much do you bench Mr.

 Neat Code? I do like dumbbell bench press.  Like I probably max out at 60s, 60 in each hand.  Yeah.  I should really be more consistent about going to the gym.  Is there a complete team now? It's just me.  Okay, it's getting kind of hot.  Uh, I'm going to take this off.  Give Rona Wang a fat follow on x.  Why do you know her? My summer posts are pretty funny.  Like I'll, I'll follow, I guess.

 How much protein do you try to eat a day? I don't know, like 100 grams probably.  All the girls and x just passed out.  Yeah.  Man, even just reading shot is giving me like a headache.  Well, not a headache, but like it takes concentration to read.  And I don't have that.  Like it's not even that I've been, like I've just been sitting here too long.  I've been, I don't know.  You're about to watch me live have like a mental breakdown.  Get your screen capture ready.

 Oh, there's probably breathe right into the mic, didn't I? Okay.  How is bro have 22 and eight hours? It's not my fault dog.  It's not my fault.  Go Lang is hell.  It's just, it's just so hard.  It's just so bad for leak code.  How do we even solve this problem conceptually? What micro you're using a blue Yeti? Can you pull girls off of sweet clout? Pretty sure.  No.  Pretty sure.  I don't know, maybe in like, arranged marriages you can like, I don't know.

 I don't really know anything about Indian culture, like Indian Indian culture, like in India.  But like, isn't that what like getting married is like? Like, don't you like nowadays like, arrange marriages like you pretty much just show them like your resume.  Like, okay, this is how much money I make.  This is where I work.  And like, maybe they care about like how tall you are or something like that.  Isn't that what it's like? That's just like, I don't know.  That's just not it for me, chief.  But your friend made 220k, casually dropped it and got girls off of that.  Really? What? I don't know.  I don't think that would work in Seattle though.

 You just triggered Indian aunties? I mean, I don't know.  I'm just saying like, that's what I've heard.  Isn't that what it's like? Like aren't there like websites for that now? Like, shoddy. com? I, like, not that I would know.  But that's what I've seen.  Have you guys ever been on team blind and people are like, like talking about like, arranged marriage and stuff? So funny.  Yeah.  Interesting.  Yeah.  So not in Seattle.

 Yeah.  I mean, good for him.  I don't know how you casually drop that you make a lot of money though.  Like, just casually.  Like, oh yeah.  And by the way, this is how much I make.  Do you prefer heart or kidneys? I'm pretty sure they're both vital organs.  So if either of those start failing for me, I'm probably going to die.  Oh no, I dropped my Rolex.  Yeah.

 Oh.  So I said, you stack.  How do you do it for this question? I already know how to solve this question.  Oh, I, I used to.  But okay.  So it's, yeah.  So we just start.  We're always allowed to get open parentheses.  Well, I'm just going to call it stack, but it's going to be an int array or is it come before like this and empty.  We're going to need to append the one I'm pretty sure we can append.

 Can you speak finish? No.  What are the odds he forgets range again? I mean, you have to admit it's so stupid.  Like what kind of garbage syntax is this? Like why not just copy syntax from an existing language? Is that the innovation of go? It's not.  Why can't the syntax just be like less weird? Why does it have to be like Python, a little bit of Python, you know, a little bit of C style syntax? This, you know, this, the fact that you have to make it underscore, okay.  And whatever this garbage is, I guess that's from like some of those other languages, like this colon assignment.  I think Kotlin does that or somebody said Swift does that.  I don't know.  Append to stack the character or whatever the heck it is.  Oh no, it's not an int.  These are runes.

 These are runes.  And we're going to return if the stack is empty.  Like if length of stack is zero, it's valid.  I know that much.  Yeah, the concurrency model is good.  I mean, I'm not saying go is bad.  I wouldn't be learning it if I thought it was useless.  But it's not, it's not even like I'm learning the actual language.  I'm really just learning the syntax.  Like, yeah, I don't know a lot about the language.

 I need some water.  Do you miss the free snacks at Google? I definitely do.  You guys want to see what my apartment looked like at Google? You would not believe it.  You would not believe it.  One sec.  I don't want to leak anything.  Do you believe it? Are you trying to believe that I'm pretty cheap now? Are you starting to believe it? This is a no joke.  Look at that.  That is what I call an upgrade.  That's what I call an upgrade.

 Yeah.  I've seen memes about software engineers will make 400K and then live like this.  No.  That's not a game for me, bra.  This is where the magic happens.  This is where I. . .  No bed frame.  Who needs a bed frame? I mean, it's for those of you who are saying, you know, who think this is pretty absurd.

 First of all, yeah, you're right.  But do you think, like, in a lot of cultures, this is somewhat common, isn't it? Like in Japanese culture, people sleep on the ground, don't they? So like, you know, don't tell me, you know, are you straight? Yes.  That's why tech bros don't get girls.  You pulling no females with this.  You might be surprised, my man.  You know, like, women only care about one thing and it's disgusting.  They only want somebody who can solve a leak code hard in less than 45 minutes.  Okay.  It's just a little known fact.  Anybody who tells you otherwise is deliberately trying to sabotage you and don't just do not believe them.

 No matter what happens, do not believe them.  Really? Do you prefer dogs or cats? I definitely prefer cats.  I mean, I like dogs.  Like dogs are more relatable.  They're more, they're smarter, but you also have to take care of them.  There are tier one college marriage websites as well.  Yeah.  That is strange.  I mean, I'm not judging.  Like if people get arranged marriages, that's fine.

 If people, you know, do whatever else, that's fine.  You know, like, if it works for you, that's great.  That's great.  There's a lot of like good marriages, I guess, that were arranged.  Actually, that's good.  Like if we can't get to 100 problems, we can at least get to 69 problems because like that will be a good YouTube title.  That's kind of how I'm like playing things now.  Did you make any friends through YouTube? Very little.  I kind of want to, like I kind of want to start socializing more.  It's mostly on me.

 I'm kind of like way too introverted.  Hey, Google products, thank you so much for the donation.  I don't think you're the real Google products, but you know, I appreciate the donation.  All right.  Do a good luck with go in your future videos.  Thank you so much.  You don't seem introverted.  I guess I either talk like I'm trying to talk a lot right now, but I'm like dying.  I'm physically dead.  Like, I don't even know what I'm looking at anymore.

 Uh-huh.  I just got a puppy and absolutely worth for all the work.  He's super adorable.  Yeah.  I like puppies.  I love puppies.  What's your go-to meal at McDonald's? Like nuggets.  McChicken like the spicy McChicken.  I went to India and you know, the first thing I tried, one of the first things I tried in India was the McDonald's.  Like I know, you know, you got the other really good Indian food.

 I won't pronounce it because people are going to laugh at how I say it, but you got a lot of Indian food.  But I went to India straight to the McDonald's.  I wanted to try that.  I had the McBeneed.  It was pretty good.  Pretty solid.  McNeed burger.  Indian McDonald's goes hard.  Yeah.  It's very good.

 I like that it's spicy.  I like, yeah, I like all of that.  You eat the sweetie meal.  I think I did.  Oh no.  Somebody's asking about politics.  AP Dylan versus Dilljee versus Modi.  I thought the first two that you just said were like musicians.  Are they politicians? Whatever.  Travis Scott meal.

 Yeah.  That was probably my favorite one.  That was probably my favorite one.  Yeah.  I'm not, I am not going to get into Indian politics.  It's a special, you know, getting into politics is the easiest way to lose brain cells.  Like I've seen so many really smart people and then they just get really deep into politics, whether it's left wing or right wing or whatever wing and then they just go insane.  They just start constantly posting about it on social media.  They get triggered every time.  You know, they see something about politics.

 That is not going to be me.  Psychedelics, yay or nay.  I'm good, homie.  Like I am very good on not using psychedelics ever again.  What are we doing, bro? What are we? I know how to solve this problem.  I just.  I'm just going to go if statement.  Okay, if a character is equal to open this or if it's equal to she.  Oh God, what am I doing, dude? Or C is equal to curly.  Then a pen, all right, if it's an opening, we always just depend that.

 If it's a closer, then if C is equal to closing this.  Yeah.  What am I doing? Like what am I doing? Bro, what is it? I forgot.  Let me go back and read the chat.  What you guys saying? What you guys talking about, Willis? Anti-social people are mad, funny.  Girlfriend.  Like this is my rule for that, dude.  You can't ask me if I have a girlfriend unless you're going to hook me up.  Okay.  So now you have to hook me up.

 You got any sisters or what? What's your opinion on nofap? Also no late November.  No late November.  How much of a discrete math do you use when solving problems? It's more about the intuition.  I'm not super good at discrete math, but if you just remember certain things, it definitely helps.  That's what leak code is.  It's just discrete math.  A lot of it is, at least.  Tall girls or short girls.  I don't know, dude.  Damn, you hitting on people's sisters.

 Hey, come on now.  I mean, his mom's available.  I made that same joke last time.  I made that same joke last time.  How tall are you? 61-ish, I think.  Do you blast Taylor Swift songs when no one is watching? You know a couple of them.  I do not mind a couple of the old Taylor Swift songs.  Hey, yo, don't steal my girl, bro.  What do you mean? What do you mean you're a girl? I said your sister.  What do you mean? Now things are just getting really weird.

 Move your video.  You're. . .  I mean, the problem is, it's just too some. . .  or it's not too some valid parentheses.  It's a pretty basic one.  Pretty common.

 You watch football, C. OX fan.  Little bit.  I watch very little football.  But yeah, I always want the C. OX to win.  Put video on the top left.  Yeah, it's pretty big either way though.  What are we doing here? Okay, if it's a closing here or if it's. .

.  Like, I would usually do this with like the hash map.  It like initializes it perfectly.  If this is the case, if it's a closer. . .  Now if the stack is empty, if length of stack is zero, just return. . .  Return false.

 It's going to be way too much code, but we are going to get it to work, I think.  It's going to be a lot of copy-pasting.  But yeah, if it's a closer there, if it's closer like that, or if it's curly, either way. . .  Okay, if it's length of zero, or if stack at index length of stack minus one, I wonder if you can use negative one as an index in this language.  Probably not.  Hmm.  If I may get the top right corner. .

.  I feel like that's gonna be covering the code Competitive programmer girl or beautiful girl once again unless you like are we just talking fictional people here? Whatever I'm not gonna talk about politics.  It's just you know, it's just a not a smart thing to do For anybody You guys are more tired than me You guys are trying to get a little bit weird Do you hoop a little bit? Favorite position I don't know why don't you ask your mom You kind of walked right into that one Do you hate yourself? No, I don't think so Got him your mom got him Hey, yo, do you even see this? No, I don't see it dude everybody's just ignoring you every time you type and shot I'm just gonna ignore that specifically invite me to your wedding, please Runs your wrist up big G Congrats on your wedding what am I hallucinating again? Like what's going on? Oh man this code is gonna make my eyes bleed.  It's so bad Okay, but this is correct if we get any of these and the stack is empty Yeah, I mean obviously there's a million ways to write this better, but it's correct Okay, otherwise But wait, no, it's not correct if if I like the zero or this is Not equal To an open Then we return falls so Now it's correct And Okay, if none of those execute we just pop from the stack.  How do you pop from a stack? Oh, it does not mutate it returns the result sounds like it's not very efficient Then in that case I don't know what to do about that though if it works it works.  Let's just find out How to pop And go away Wait, you can't really pop What is wrong with this language? Bra You You got to use cut does it work the same way? You Really you just you just slice it That can't be efficient can it No, don't tell me you got to write your own So like why do people like okay, even if you're doing application development? I mean, I guess now I guess the problem is that like I'm using an older version or something like I don't know I don't know what's happening anymore all I know is that like This is pretty easy to do in like every single language except maybe C even C++ like you have vectors Like you don't have to like this is not like the caveman era Of programming like we we should be able to do this And I got to update the variable here Well as bad as this is it's got at least work But the downside of long code like this is when you have a bug then you got to like read through all of it All right, here goes nothing oh My god, oh my god beating a hundred percent wow Go is so performant and elegant too look at this beautiful code Why do people think LinkedIn is cringe? I don't know I mean I mean some part it's very like Like humble bragging like everybody on LinkedIn is like oh look at me.  I work at Google X Google X Facebook X this I'm a CEO.  I'm a founder.  I'm a founder of a one person company That's making zero dollars and doesn't even have a product But I'm a founder guys like look at me.  I'm a CEO of a one-man company.

 I feel like that's the vibe you get from LinkedIn Like everybody's just trying to like show like validate themselves and in fairness.  That's just how you play the game Like if you want like they're probably people trying to get jobs or get attention or whatever and that's just That's just not a fun game to play for me 23 Close your tabs dude true true true.  Let's close them Well, I mean most of these are unsolved problems Wait on end queens.  I want to do these ones so bad.  They're so easy to solve.  I just need a cue should I just implement my own? Let's do this one.  This one's got to be easy right we're at 23.  Yep Show us your chrome history a chill chill Why do you think I'm using a throwaway account right now? Anybody procrastinating watching neat code videos by watching neat code stream You Talk about math before data structures well, I don't know what you mean by that Congrats on Java marriage.  I don't know what that means.  That's what's it means something? We're starting to get into the nighttime hours and this is really what's gonna separate the boys from the men like this is gonna be This is gonna be painful now Do you have an only fans now? Can you type Portugal in your search bar? No? Portugal As this man you're gonna be up for 24 hours straight you up That's exactly what it means.

 You know, let me show you something Somebody else did elite code 24 hours stream Somebody else stole it from me dude Look at this look at this somebody did it 11 days ago But look at their stream.  It's only 12 hours long because they were not able to record the full video But not me.  I'm recording the 24 hour thing.  I'm gonna upload that thing in one go and Yeah This guy probably solved a lot more problems than I did But I mean to be fair.  He wasn't learning a new language like come on now Yeah, I don't know I don't really know what this is Like why is the overlay so big dude.  I just want to see the code Yeah, YouTube has a 12 hour limit.  That's why I'm recording this with my computer And I'm praying I am praying that the video gets saved I am praying because if it doesn't I'm not doing this again, okay You should do a sleep stream No bedtime story How about you guys tell me a story dude how about that? Do you like horses like as animals yeah, but I don't ride horses or have a horse Is your family originally from Punjab I guess part of the part of my family is but mostly from New Delhi Uh Why did you leave Amazon you didn't explain in depth was it the stress it was partially that Partially like yeah, the job just kind of sucked But you know 99% of the time like it's not like I hadn't been through rough situations before I Could do it if I really wanted to but it was like I don't know like felt really strange like it was so uncharacteristic of me It almost felt like some something was like external like like yeah, I won't get into it But it was almost like I needed to quit like there was like a force something was forcing me to quit It wasn't like a logical or rational decision Speak Hindi oh boy all the Indians are probably waking up now and they're gonna want me to speak Hindi You You guys gonna like type Hindi in the chat and I'll try to like say the words When we code there are many details do you have to pay attention to every detail after you practice enough a lot of the details become like Subconscious like when you're like writing words with pen and paper.  There's a lot of details in that too Now you have to they're gonna you have to write out every single character, right? There's a lot going on in that But you do it so much that it becomes easy code is the same way It's just a bit more complicated a bit more abstract but when you get used to it you kind of You your brain will like fill in the gaps.  You don't have to think about every detail.  It'll just become automatic No, I can't say that okay when I say you can type in Hindi I met with English characters Get the not odd me The Sir card though, I don't know what that means is that something bad I know that's like something enemy or something like that.

 I don't know the rest of it System Cardia by Ne Tika masala Yeah, I don't I can't speak Hindi well.  I admit that Okay, I'm very aware of that everybody in India told me that Vryani Oh What are we doing again, brah? We're doing sliding window.  We're just going through every window Trying to build up The window Such that we have all characters from this window.  How would we know that we need some maps to count? Count S1 It's gonna be a map mapping runes that integers and We're gonna have another map for the window Are your parents Indian? By that I assume you mean people from India? Yeah.  They are from. . .  They were born in India.  They were raised and born in India.  I'm able to see the question.

 Yeah.  Do people care that much about the question? I can make it just smaller.  I can keep it in the middle.  Yeah.  Let's do that.  Maybe this over here.  This over here.  Yeah.  Wish you luck on the interviews.  Roy, Roy Diculous.

 Bro, you are so funny without even trying.  I appreciate that, my man.  Not everybody can appreciate a sense of humor like mine.  You guys know the struggle.  I'm joking.  What's the next course? Probably design patterns and I got a few more.  I'm going to do more on system design and a lot of other things.  Are you actually going for the 24 hours I have to? There's no other choice.  There is no other choice in life.  How do you mean by course? Are you watching courses? I make courses on my platform.

 I don't really like plug it.  A ton.  But yeah, this is a neat code.  I'm dying.  Are you going to turn a neat code to Algarexpert? Not in particular.  Still out here grinding.  I'm still out here dying pretty much.  But we're getting the hang of go.  We are trying to get the hang of it.  It's a little too late though.

 My brain power has been lost.  The target at this point is just to get to 69 problems.  What are we doing again? What are we doing again? This is not a hard problem.  It's so hard for me right now.  Time for a snack.  Yeah, I ate a little bit.  Take a break.  What kind of break? I don't want to go off screen.  I can just take a break and just look at the camera if you want.  You guys can just enjoy it.

 Looking at me for a little bit.  Snack time.  I think it's time for a different kind of break.  You know, a Scooby snack.  What was your total compensation at Google if you don't mind? Something like 165K a year.  Something like that.  I'm not going to be able to control on blind.  Honestly, yeah, I used to.  Not anymore.  But yeah, I troll everything.

 Like I'm very different than you would think from my YouTube videos.  I know in my YouTube videos, I come off as like really nice.  And I think most of the time I am.  But I like, I told you guys, I was raised by the internet.  I spent my whole life sitting at a computer.  And that's what I've been doing.  That's what I might keep on doing.  But yeah, as you may know, when you're on the internet, you talk a lot of trash with a lot of people.  And that's what I do.  That's my thing.

 Blind can be insufferable.  Yeah, it just gets kind of annoying.  Like the people who just want to know your total compensation, like I get it.  But like you already know the total compensation of most companies.  It's not hard to find it on other websites.  Like at this point, there's nothing new.  And yeah, there's a lot of other things.  Browse blind right now if you guys want.  We I can even show you guys the Google exclusive channel.  I don't know, am I allowed to do that? I don't want to get like in trouble.

 There's nothing interesting there anyway in the Google internal channel.  It's just it's usually just people complaining like like, oh, like how come people are taking too much free food? Like there was nothing left for me by the time I got there.  And like, yeah, just stuff like that.  Google is so tamed.  Amazon was wild.  Yeah, it's funny because you were at Amazon too, Kevin, I think.  Yeah, the Amazon internal channel was.  I only had access to it for a little bit.  Actually, I had access even after I left.  And yeah, that was just depressing like, yeah, it was very depressing.

 The Amazon channel people were like not happy that in the Google channel, people just complain about like free food and mostly stuff like that.  And like maybe the, yeah, the Amazon blind channel was dark.  Yeah.  What do you think is the average total compensation on blind? Who's that girl behind you? You don't even have to say that.  Like, come on now.  I know nobody's behind me.  Do you make more from YouTube ad revenue than your Google salary? No, Google or YouTube ad revenue is not very high.  Even for a channel like mine, I get pretty high amount of views.  The YouTube ad revenue is not gonna.  Gonna, you know, pay the bills.

 What's your end goal with YouTube? And that's a good question.  I should probably think about that more.  I don't know, but the way I approach it is like nothing lasts forever, especially in the internet.  Whether it's like YouTube channels, they die very quickly.  And like websites, including like mine, like Nika, that could die very quickly.  So I just approach it like it's not forever.  I would not mind going back to doing like a full-time job at that point.  I wouldn't mind doing a startup at that point.  I don't know.  I would.

 I'm pretty open-minded about it.  I definitely want to do something technical though.  But I mean, with Nika, assuming it doesn't die, I don't know.  I have a long list of like weird ideas.  I'd want to do things that like nobody else has done before.  I have a few of those ideas, but I don't know if people will care about them.  You got a good mindset.  I wish I was more flexible.  I mean, I think you're probably a lot more well-rounded than I am, Kevin.  I mean, I don't know you super well, but from what I know, you're a lot more well-rounded.

 I don't think, you know, you don't strike me as a type of person who sits at their computer all day like I do.  So I don't know.  I think in life, it's usually better to be well-rounded than to be like super into like one thing.  You seem a lot better with the people than me.  You probably have much better people skills, I would guess.  That's not a high bar, though.  What are we doing again? What are we doing again? Well-rounded in the ass area? What? What? God-ling is God.  Okay.  You mentioned that a few times now.  Yeah, 90% of it is just being nice.

 Yeah, it took me way too long to learn that in life.  Like, I didn't realize networking is literally just being like nice to people.  It's so simple, but like I'm the type of person who like over-complicates everything.  Like, there has to be like a formula like, oh, you got to like, like social interactions are not a game of chess.  It took me a long time to realize that.  Can you give me a good night kiss? Sure.  Can you want an emoji? I'll give you a kiss emoji.  There you go.  So we're just. .

.  Okay, if we just count the occurrence of every character in the first string, and then we do the sliding window on the second string, and we just make sure we have the same characters from both.  We have the same characters in our window as we do from the first string.  Then we're good, but how do we make sure we have the same characters in the second window in the window from the first string? Where you can keep some type of count, like the count match, like match is zero, and it should be the size of the first map.  That's the target.  So I can set that as well.  Match is zero, and target is length of count S1.  By the time we get there, by the time we populate it for. . .

 Do I need the index? No, I don't need the index.  I just need the character.  Let's not forget range this time.  Let's not forget range.  Yeah, I just try to be nice to people and help, and people do the same.  Yeah.  I feel like the thing, if there's any introverts in chat right now, and I'm probably a decent amount of you are, like me, if you're introverted, and if you don't talk, people will assume that you just don't like them.  People won't always assume it's because you're introverted.  Sometimes it goes a long way to just say hi to someone and smile, even if you're not going to say anything for the rest of. .

.  In a meeting or at the office, just say hi, smile, or whatever, and then just be introverted the rest of the day if that's what you want to do.  People will think, okay, you're nice, you're approachable, but probably you're just introverted.  If you don't say anything, if you don't make eye contact, and you're just like, I'm not going to look at you or whatever, people will think you just don't like them.  People, that's just how it is.  And yeah, like if somebody does that to you, just never says anything to you, you're going to assume they don't like you.  So that's just how it is.  That's just how people are.  What am I doing? Count S1.  Wait, I want this to be a default dict, as in it should initialize with all zeros, for keys that have not been accessed.

 Not surprised people are still watching right now.  Real talk.  If I was an extrovert life would be so much easier, and maybe aspects of it.  If I don't have my glasses, I have no idea if people are looking and feel like people are always thinking why this dude's staring.  Yeah, I don't even know how I'm like contact switching back and forth from chat to the code.  Like this is like, I highly recommend somebody try this like code and have a chat open.  Like primogen probably does that.  And oh my god.  It's so hard.  This is so hard.

 If I was just doing these in silence, I'd probably be a little bit better, but I'd probably also go insane.  Like, I don't think I've ever leak coded this much without a break, without a real break.  Even when I was preparing for like my hardest interviews, I would not go this hard for that.  Yeah.  I don't know what I'm watching but I'm enjoying it.  You're procrastinating.  Are there any other polls I want to ask you guys? Dear eyes burn when sleep deprived? Not really.  I don't really get dry eyes or anything.  Even from, I mean I don't smoke but hypothetically if I did smoke I would not get dry eyes from that either.  I just have a feeling if I smoked weed that I would not get dry eyes.

 Did you rip the bond yet? No.  I mean that's kind of a leading question.  You said yet as if I'm going to and the answer is no to both.  Does your back hurt yet? Definitely hurts.  I thought this question was going to be easier.  Are there any other easy questions we still got? Remove Nth node from the end of the list.  That's not too bad.  Find the duplicate number you know what? You're supposed to solve this without extra memory.  I don't care.  I don't care.

 Okay.  Don't care.  Find a duplicate number given our array of integers.  Saying N plus 1 integers where each integer is in the range one through that.  Include so there's any one repeated number return this repeated number.  You must solve the problem without modifying and using only constant space.  Yeah.  Yeah.  That's a really dumb question.  It's just a very dumb question.

 It's Floyd's tortoise and hair algorithm.  And I mean do we want to pull up a drawing to figure this one out? Isn't that like? Isn't that this is by the way this is where the magic happens.  Microsoft paint 3d.  It's going to be like you know you get some nodes.  Hey everyone welcome back and let's write some more Nth code today.  Today we're solving this BS problem that nobody would be able to figure out by themselves.  And I'm going to go ahead and draw it out and act like I was able to solve it myself.  So yeah.  You have a slow pointer and a fast pointer.  Yeah.

 Now my brain is just blank.  At some point they intersect.  Yeah.  I'm drawing a blank because it's not a regular slow and fast pointer where they're going to just intersect.  Like it's very particular.  I don't know.  It's like some calculation dude.  I can't do it.  I just can't do it.  It's something like this.

 They intersect somewhere and then you move one of the pointers back to the beginning.  Is that it? Yeah.  Yeah.  I'm just going to go ahead and it's not really cheating if you. . .  Like I don't I am pretty sure we're allowed to use extra space.  I don't really see anywhere that says we're not allowed to use extra space.  Do you guys? Do you guys see it? It looks to me like a hash map is probably the easiest way to solve this problem.  Any objections? Okay.

 I'll take that as a no.  I don't even know what to name this variable.  It's going to be a map of ints.  I don't know.  Visit.  I don't know.  Binary search? Yeah.  Maybe if we sort it.  Well, yeah.  I guess if the sorting doesn't take extra.

 Oh, that's the follow-up.  Yeah.  I mean, you know, sorting is actually a valid.  It's a very valid solution.  Visit.  Okay.  Now go through every. . .  We don't even need the index.

 We just need the number in range.  Noms.  Wait, we're looking.  There's only one repeated number.  Okay.  We're looking for the repeated number.  If what? If what? If it's okay? This is implicitly true, right? Like we don't have to check if it's equal to true.  I hope.  It's like surely this works.  It's a Boolean.

 Like, come on.  If okay, that means we found it.  And what are we trying to do? Are we trying to return the index of the duplicate? And wait, wait, wait, or we're just returning the duplicate itself.  Okay.  So actually, no, yeah, we can just say return N.  And there's guaranteed to be a duplicate.  And if there's that's not a duplicate, we just add it to the map.  I don't know what we're mapping it to.  I mean, I just use a hash set, but we can't really do that very easily.  So I think this works.

 Really expected what? Oh, it's mapping to something.  It's mapping to ant, I guess.  Colon? Don't need a colon there, I don't think.  What? Oh, my God.  That's 24.  Let's go.  Let's go.  24.  Okay.  What are we at? I mean, some of these backtracking ones are not bad at all.

 You know, subsets is not bad at all.  If we can just figure out how go-lang works.  And you know, these interval ones are not bad at all either.  Heap, we don't have a heap.  We do not have a heap.  How do we, how do we use a heap and go-lang? All right, I'm going to go to the bathroom.  I'll be right back.  Ah, don't say anything funny and chat without me.  Save your funny comments for when I get back.  Um.

 I'm back.  Unfortunately.  I went for a long yet.  I promise you I did not.  I have a protein shake.  video convinced me to never do psychedelics again.  Yeah, you know, the funny thing is I know people who had a similar experience with psychedelics like I don't think it's as rare as like people make it out to be like people act like psychedelics are like the safe drug.  Maybe if you take a little bit and you go to like a music festival or something, but for me, it was not and for a lot of people I know it was not.  What's your thoughts about C++? It's a good language for like what it is at the time and everything is performant, I guess.  I just don't understand like why people at Google people use C++ where it does not belong.

 Like if you're making a generic microservice, why use C++? There's no reason to.  It doesn't need to be performant.  Like, yeah, it's just it's just really annoying.  Have you ever been homeless? Thankfully, I have not.  I know somebody who jumped off a building on L. A.  I was still not safe.  Yeah, unfortunately, there was somebody who went to my high school who had a similar experience.  When did you learn to program at what age? I think I was 19.  I'm 25 right now.

 Us Brown people be getting hard attacks.  Let me just stand up, honestly.  Yeah, let me just stand up for a second.  I'll put the mic up too.  Okay.  You know, I have a standing desk too.  I'm just kind of scared to like lift it up because I think some of the wires are pretty short.  And they're going to get unplugged.  Give a roadmap for Web 3.  Are people still using doing Web 3? I don't really know a lot about Web 3.

 Huh.  What's your workout routine? I have chest or a five chest day, back day and leg day.  That's how I split it up.  Can I do some stretch? What's your bench? It's not impressive.  I'm an ex-googler and I'm about to interview for Amazon.  Please don't let me like scare you into working at Amazon.  Like I know plenty of people who have great teams at Amazon and I think that's awesome.  Like if I try not to like hold grudges like if one day Amazon offers me like a fat salary package and the team isn't in the Alexa org.  I would probably take that.  Like get a life bro.

 I don't think I will.  Okay.  I don't think I will.  Love from water.  Love from Waterloo.  Thank you.  Appreciate it.  Love you too.  What are some good tech jobs that will allow me to practice piano six hours a day? I don't know.  Probably something that like where you can work from home.

 You're linked in.  I did post my linked in.  I'll post it again real quick for those that want to know right over here.  There's my linked in.  Give me a heart on there.  Give me a heart on linked in.  Are there any black software engineers at Google? As you would guess, it's a pretty small percentage, but yes, they are.  You literally hearted me so hard earlier.  Thank you.  My man.

 My man.  Thank you.  How do you not sleep? I don't know, dude.  I don't know.  You guys are going to keep me company, right? You guys aren't just going to abandon me, right? You guys aren't just going to abandon me.  You guys aren't just going to go out for to get like a gallon of milk and then just not come back, right? Like, that's not going to happen, is it? You guys said you were here for the long ride.  You're not just going to go to sleep on me, are you? Sleep is for the week.  You don't need sleep.  You can't promise what? You already slept, okay? You don't need sleep when you work at AWS.  Yeah, I wonder what that's like.

 I was never even on call at Amazon.  That's the funny thing.  I've heard the on call is rough.  I was on call at Google.  It was pretty chill though.  My on call rotation at least.  Go away.  Damn, dude.  Not 24 problems.  Like, we've like plateaued like, oh my God, remove Enth node from the end of the list.

 I know how to solve this one.  We need a pointer right before the Enth node, right? And is En always going to be valid? Can you reverse a LinkedIn list? Say what? I expected 30 plus at 10 hour mark.  I just, I've like failed.  I'm a failure.  I've dishonored like my entire family name.  And I will have to live with the shame of not getting to 100.  And at this rate, we're not even going to get to 69.  That's what really hurts.  That's what really hurts.  Oh, remove the bathroom.

 Good point.  Oh shit, I almost spilled my drink.  Oh.  Actually, that's a good point.  Let's do a 48 hour stream.  Exactly.  We don't, we can just go as long as we need to to reach like our goal.  Like, what about 72? Holy, I never thought of that.  What about 72 hours? Damn.  You guys are, you guys are smart.

 That doesn't sound like a bad idea at all.  It really doesn't.  It's big brain.  Like, that's some big brain stuff.  Don't want you doing meth on live.  Yeah, like if we're going to do meth, don't do it live.  Okay.  You do that in private.  That's a very fair point.  Okay, so we want a pointer to get to the previous note.

 Now, what if we just have a list of length one? So I think that's kind of why we want a dummy node.  We want a little dummy node.  And it's going to need that address of operator for whatever reason.  And here's a dummy.  Give it a value of zero.  Next pointer is nil.  Think that's fine.  No, do we need curly races? I don't remember.  I think it's curly.  Okay.

 Okay, so we have the dummy.  I don't know, the next node of the dummy should be head.  So it might as well pass that in.  But yeah, so we want to create an offset of length two.  Now, if we create an offset of length two, and we start at the dummy, we keep going until the second pointer is at the last node.  We keep going until the second one is at the last node.  And if the offset is two, the previous one will be here.  Okay, so we have two pointers.  One is going to be the right pointer.  And it's going to initially be at dummy.

 And four.  I is equal to zero.  And I is less than n, i plus plus.  Then we just shift the pointer a couple times.  Is n always going to be less than or equal to the length? Yep.  Okay, so I assume there's not going to be index out of bounds or whatever.  Okay, right is just going to be right dot next.  Surely a few times.  Okay, so we create the offset of size n.  And then we just shift both pointers.

 Like I'm going to have a left pointer now.  It's going to be initialized to dummy.  At the end, we're going to return dummy dot next.  So we want to keep a reference to that.  And how many times are we iterating for right? Right is not equal to nil and right dot next is not equal to nil.  I'm pretty sure we miss a chance we're missing an edge case.  There's definitely a chance we're missing an edge case, but I don't care.  I'm just going to run it anyway and then debug the code after.  So we shift both pointers at this point.  Left is going to be left dot next.

 Right is going to be right dot next.  And then after this is all done, left dot next is going to be left dot next dot next.  I hope I hope.  Oh my God.  Oh my God.  Should we actually do it? Do we actually do it? And the size is always going to be greater than or equal to zero.  Right? Yep.  Yep.  So I think we got it.  We got it.

 25.  25.  Holy.  I don't know why I do this to myself.  Like what's wrong with doing like a short stream? What's wrong with like a four hour stream or eight hours? Why does it have to be a 24 hour stream? Yeah.  Seeing first code and go and I hate it already.  What are these comments, dude? Like this is why there's not any girls watching the stream right now because some of you guys have some weird comments.  Like what? Drop acid and fix leak code on live stream.  I am girl.  I'm a girl.

 Surely your guys aren't lying, right? Surely.  And if you are a girl, you shouldn't admit it because then people are just going to be even weirder and chat.  We are here to protect you from that.  Oh my God.  Is that the coding slot? This guy is like a career YouTuber right now.  You guys heard of this guy? Let's see.  Let's just see.  Look at this guy, dude.  He just blew up out of nowhere.  This video is so funny.

 Should we watch it live? Does anybody want to watch it? Okay, let's do a poll.  Should we watch this video right now? Let's bully a viewer.  We're not bullying him.  I like him.  I like this video.  leak code took my girl and my job.  Okay, you guys want to watch the video? It's a good one.  Let's do it.  It hurts to breathe.  I mean off the audio is okay.

 I recently graduated from college with a computer science degree.  But I'm kind of unemployed.  There's a lot of reasons for it.  The job market went to a complete dumpster fire for tech.  And then honestly it's also a skill issue.  My resume could probably be better.  I should probably be networking more.  One of the main issues behind it and all honesty is my technical skills.  So ideally I want to be a software engineer.  But whenever you interview for these types of jobs, you have to do a lot of technical interviews.

 So you can prove that you know what you're doing.  And these interviews are not that easy.  Unless you're like a 500 IQ 5 head.  That's me.  That's me.  Look at that.  Genius and good good chat.  You're going to find these interviews really difficult if you don't prepare and study.  Because a lot of times they're quizzing you on something called data structures and algorithm.  This is cancer.

 This is so much cancer that I can feel the tumors growing on my back.  Because it's what you need to write really efficient and optimized programs.  But the real reason why they interview this is because everyone else is doing it like this.  Since to be fair it's a pretty effective way of filtering out a lot of applicants and getting the best talent.  Although there's probably better ways of doing it depending on the position you apply for.  But that's all a different conversation.  But the way you study these types of jobs.  So the interview questions for the most part is mainly on a website called the code.  I've made some videos on it.  You want to check it out and see what they're like.

 Feel free.  This website is kind of like the gym for software engineers since we use it to work out for problem-solving skills and our data structures and algorithm skills.  Here's the problem for me.  I get distracted a lot and I also like to procrastinate a lot.  A lot of times I don't want to do these questions because these questions are really fumble-bumble-ing.  And the technical concepts to understand these questions put me to. . .  And this is the main reason why I feel my technical skills.  You know, I'm glad this video became popular because I feel like programmers have like no sense of humor and I thought like they wouldn't find this funny.

 I thought it was so funny though and I'm so glad like other people did too.  I must be like younger people because I feel like older people and like tech don't like it.  They just don't like it.  I kind of have a job.  Now I've done my fair share of these practice questions and I've also done some technical interviews with some companies.  One of my worst interviews was at Netflix where I completely fubbed it up.  I blinked out so hard and if you want to hear how that went, let me know.  Anyways, since I get distracted a lot, I was thinking if only there was somebody that knew how to program and had extra time on their hands and could make me a program to force me to do practice interview questions against my will and make me want to kill myself.  Now I know what some of you guys are thinking.  Shouldn't you just spend this time, you know, doing interview questions instead of making a program to make you do interview questions? Anyways, okay, here's the plan.

 I'm gonna make a browser extension which basically prevents me from accessing any type of website until I solve a randomly assigned lead code problem.  Seems like an easy project to do.  I've never made a browser extension before but it shouldn't be that bad.  It probably won't even take that long.  Let me just Google how to make an extension and look at that documentation.  This is gonna be easy peasy.  Looks like I have to use HTML, CSS and JavaScript.  No frameworks.  Looks like we have to go a little lower level.  Not too much.

 Lower the level.  Your hands don't look like this while you're eating your lunch.  Must be a liberal sissy.  Must be a sissy boy.  I'll just do these tutorials and then we'll see what happens.  Okay, the classic hello world.  Create a manifest. json.  Now I need an icon and create a hello. html file.

 Oh, that's it? Okay.  Well, I just made my first extension.  That was actually really easy.  Time to do the actual tutorials.  Oh, this is pretty cool.  Oh, this is how they modify pages.  Okay, you gotta use the DOM.  That's not surprising.  What the fuck? Okay, just finished the first one.  Onto the next one.

 Oh, well, maybe something productive.  I'm gonna need this later.  I just made a CSS video and I don't know what the fuck I'm looking at.  Okay, I just finished.  I'm not gonna do this last tutorial.  It's time to make the greatest extension the world has ever seen.  To help all the people that are unemployed like me.  To help all those people that got embarrassed and technical interviews and the interviewer was just like, it's okay, man.  It happens to everybody.  But they're just being probably nice to all those people.

 Alright, let's get started.  This is the video.  Just finished setting it up.  Time to program the actual thing.  Okay, if I did this correctly, it should just work.  Yes.  Yes.  No, no.  I've been trying to fix this bug for like one to two hours.  Trying to figure out why this shit keeps happening.

 Why I keep getting redirected.  And you wanna know what the issue was? You wanna know what the problem was? This is my choice.  I pick this.  I don't even need to be doing this.  I should just be studying interview problems.  But I wanted to be, oh, I wanted to make a funny extension.  The same fuck.  Okay, now it works.  And I'm gonna prove it to you guys by doing this.  Watch this.

 If it doesn't work, then I guess this is the end of my YouTube.  That's where it's working, please.  Oh, thank God.  Now that the whole redirecting works, now I gotta figure out how to do the whole random problem.  So I'm gonna need a website that has all the recommended interview problems you should practice.  And then I can go on from there.  I wonder if anyone's actually made that.  Hey everyone, welcome back.  And we'll try to make some more neat code.  That the fuck.

 Did you hear that? I've solved a lot of leak code problems.  Hey guys, I'm still unemployed, so let's solve another leak code problem.  And eventually got an offer from Google.  I made some free updates to my site, neco. io, which if you're new, it's basically a site I created to help people prepare for coding interviews for free.  I love you, neco.  I love you so much.  So I did some mining off camera and check it out.  I got it working.  Yeah.

 Hey, you're a plastic.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.  What do you mean you did some mining off camera? What did you do? How did we go from here to here? What happened? Yes, so I kind of forgot to record this part, but this is basically what I did.  So the whole reason why I wanted a website that had interview problems is because I wanted to use a web scraper.  A web scraper is basically a view problem.  Look how bad the site looked.  Like, if you think the site looks bad now, just look at that UI.  This is when I first created it.  Oh my God.  Like, I mean, to be honest, it still looks pretty similar to this because I wanted to use a web scraper.

 A web scraper is basically just a bot that extracts data and content from a website.  So you can use it for your own purposes.  And I decided to use neco's website.  I used his website to create a web scraping bot.  And all this bot does is it's going to look at all the problems on his website.  So it's going to extract the name of the problem and then the link to the problem.  And then from there, I saved that information into a JSON file.  You know, if you wanted the list of problems, is there a source file that you can actually just open with all of that? I wonder.  Yeah.  Yeah, look, if you wanted the files, you didn't even need to scrape it.

 There's you can see the JSON file with all the data.  It's a little bit strange.  But I mean, yeah, you'd need to like parse some of it and like filter it, but like, look, it's all there.  You could have just, you know, you could have just yanked.  Yank.  You need a little bit like you can see I have some fields that like filter or is it blind 75? Is it neat code 150? And you know, the problem link, it doesn't include like the leak code dot com prefix.  But yeah, like you didn't even need to scrape it.  It's right there.  Anyways, let's get back to the video.  From there, I can use that file to just generate a random leak code problem.

 This was also my first time making a web scraping bot.  And let me tell you, it probably would have been faster if I just wrote it.  I mean, I would have gave it a big loss, but in the words of Michael Reeves, that's how you turn a five hour task into a one and a half month.  I mean, you learn something.  You learn how to smite what we do.  It wasn't a complete waste extension.  I almost done.  It's just missing one more core feature.  Currently, the extension doesn't know if you solve the problem.  And this basically means you're stuck in endless torture.

 You're never going to be able to access any website forever.  So I need to figure out how to program something to let the extension know that you actually solve the problem.  I'll come back whenever I figure that out.  I figured it out for you.  You only took a second, but it took me a couple hours to figure this out.  Let me show you what I did.  So here we are on this leak code problem.  Right? As you can see, I have the solution coded up because I'm such a genius.  I totally didn't copy and paste any code.  And before I submit the solution, let me open up my dev tools and enter the network panel.

 And now let me submit the solution.  You see that right there? You see where it says check? Oh, would you look at that? It has all the information about if you solve the problem.  It has the language you use, the status, it has everything.  So knowing this, I wrote some code to grab that information.  And now I can just do a simple check if you actually solve the problem.  And if you did solve it, I can just remove the redirect rule.  And now you're free for the day.  I took off your parental controls.  You can now access any website.  You can watch some YouTube videos.

 You know, you can just waste your life.  Anyways, check it out if it works.  Yeah.  All right.  This extension is done.  There's anything left to do.  Well, it's just an ordinary crabby.  Oh my goodness.  Squidward.  OK, I just finished styling it.

 This extension is done for now.  There's still a lot I have to work on, but it's done.  It's time to finally publish it on the Chrome Web Store.  So all you guys see is it.  Wait, you'll 60 to jump.  And then I can put my ToreTramp.  And then I'll put my ToreTramp on.  Oh, wait, they have to review this.  I mean, that makes sense.  I hope they accept this name.

 Well, hopefully this gets accepted by the time this is posted.  If you guys want to work on the code or just want to see it, fix my spaghetti code, I'll leave the repo in the description.  And you guys can mess around with it.  You'll let everyone make it better.  And maybe we can make it from the actual extension.  I don't know.  That'd be funny.  But that's everything for me.  I must have taken a long time to stick to the code.  And see you guys.

 Thank you, ball and kiss.  43.  Yeah, this is the video.  This is the channel.  Let me paste it.  Let me paste this channel.  Yeah, it's so funny.  You better come out with more like classic bangers like that video.  And then I'll react to them.  I'll steal your content.

 Yeah, it is on the Chrome Store now, I think.  It actually got approved.  That's pretty hilarious.  And damn, a lot of people actually installed it.  Like see, this is what you got to do.  Like people say, oh, no, don't leak code.  You're not going to, that's not good for your resume.  Yeah, but this guy was creative.  Look at that.  He has an extension on there.

 And people actually download it.  I mean, I don't know.  Though if you're going to put it on your resume, you might want to rebrand the name, or at least put a different name on your resume for it.  But that's solid.  Aren't you sleepy at all? It's getting late.  Yeah, I am definitely a little bit sleepy now.  Let me make another poll.  What's the longest you guys have stayed awake for? 24 to 48 hours.  And then greater than 48 hours.  Let's go.

 I cannot sleep on planes.  So like if I'm going like international, like when I went to India, I swear I did not sleep for like at least two and a half days straight.  Because I had a long layover.  And oh my god.  And of course, you know, like when you visit like your family in India, they're not going to let you go to sleep.  They're going to like talk to you for like a long time.  They're going to feed you a lot.  And then they're going to watch you eat it.  Like they're not just going to give you the food.  They're going to make sure you eat that.

 Uh, all right.  Well, back to this.  Back to this.  Back to going.  You need melatonin and an air pod maxes.  Yeah, but it's like the positioning.  Like maybe if I was first class, but like in coach, you just like next to somebody so hard to sleep.  Yeah, maybe I should do regular streams.  But if I did do regular streams, what would I do? Not lead code.  We just can't do that.

 You should get up and stretch a bit.  Yeah.  I should.  You guys can stretch with me if you want.  Yeah, my back is dying.  My back is always dying, but right now in particular.  Have you ever had a girlfriend? Yeah.  But you cannot.  I told you you can't ask me that unless you're going to hook me up.  So come on now.

 Go get some sleep.  And just because you said that, I'm going to make this a 26 hour stream now.  No, it's not an errand.  It's a different chair.  It's much cheaper.  Bro, go get some sleep.  No, that ain't it.  That ain't it.  This is such an easy problem.  And somehow, go is going to find a way to make it impossible.

 Paul, possible subsets.  It's so easy.  You make one choice, and then you make the other choice.  And yeah.  OK, so actually, it's not going to be this.  that hard.  I do remember we can do something like this.  F.  Is it far F? I think it is.  Okay, so something right here, we declare a function.

 I'm going to call it helper.  I'm going to have it.  It doesn't need these.  I think the closure works for this.  You guys got, you guys saying anything in here? Let's see.  Don't you have a standing desk? Yeah, but the wires are really short.  If I actually make it stand, it's going to get unplugged.  Bro, hit the binary snort.  That's a good one.  Hit the binary snort.

 What? How do you come up with that? Want to get high and kick it? That is very tempting.  I love you too.  I love you too.  Yeah, it's a staples chair.  Next streaming idea, do 24 hours mock interview with others.  Oh my God.  That would be hard.  That would be difficult.  I was mostly raised.  I pretty much lived in the Seattle area my whole life.

 Solve a problem blindfolded.  I mean, if I knew what the problem was, I'm so bad at typing though, because I'd easily have a typo somewhere.  Yeah.  Good morning from India.  Yeah.  I think a lot of people from different time zones are going to be waking up now.  You need to get a real chair, bro.  Maybe I should.  I don't know.  I think there were Herman Miller's at Google and I used them and they were good, but I don't know if I noticed like a major difference.

 Hey, good afternoon from Australia.  Hey, I love Australia.  I love the animals that you guys have.  Like kangaroos are koalas from Australia.  I love those animals.  All right.  Helper.  What is the helper going to do? It doesn't need to take the list of numbers.  It just really needs an index, which is an ant.  It doesn't need to return anything.

 What's the return type for void? Please, please tell me we're allowed to do that in goat laying.  Like, what if I just don't want to return nothing? How do I do that? Var, bunk, which takes eye and is that it? Please just tell me that's it.  Do I need to equal it actually? Oh, I don't know.  I don't remember.  Damn it.  It was from one of the three questions we did not.  What is it? It's var f or gets no equal.  I think I had it right without the equal.  Don't specify anything.  Okay.

 I can work with that.  Just don't put anything there.  Don't put anything there.  Okay.  And just don't return anything.  If I is equal to let's say the length of norms, then we return nothing.  Otherwise, we make a choice.  We either include or skip.  Skipping is usually easier.  So let's try that first.

 What's your typical day like now that you're self-employed? You want the honest answer or do you want the what I wish it was like? I mean, okay, I'll say when I'm productive, when I'm feeling productive, I work pretty much all day.  I mean, I'll like wake up, go to the gym, and I'll like, I usually I used to just work at my desk here, but nowadays it does get kind of tiring.  So I'll go to like the library.  I would go to a coffee shop, but you have to like buy coffee then because you don't want to be like a leech and just sit down and just not buy anything.  So I go to like public libraries and just work there for the most part.  What I'm not motivated, I'm going to keep it real with you guys.  I want to keep it real with the 300 people here in during this very night time cozy hour.  I, I, they know what I'm not gonna, I get very lazy.  I'll leave it at that.  It's not that I get lazy.

 It's that I go into bad habits.  Very hard.  Like I'm very like all or nothing.  Like if you're gonna do something, you better go hard.  And so like if I'd have one drink, if I have one drink of alcohol, I'm gonna have 10 drinks.  And that's just how it is.  And it's not something smart, but that's just how it is with me.  So my goal at this point is just to not drink and not do other things.  Bonged.  I'm gonna keep hearing that.

 For a long ass time, aren't I? Bonged.  Skip or include? Actually, don't we need a second parameter? Yeah, we definitely do.  We need an array.  We need current, the current integers.  And this.  Oh, it's your bicep press, dude.  You really want to know.  I don't do a lot.  Okay, if you want like workout advice, ask Kevin.  Okay, Kevin, what are your workouts stats? Who else is? What else are you guys asking? Are you not take part in leak code challenges? I don't know.

 Your weight or your, you weight lift? Yeah, a little bit.  I'm trying to be more consistent about it like the last few months, but I've been doing it on and off over the last couple of years.  Please don't forget to drink water.  Yeah, let's get some water.  Yeah, look, what are your numbers? What are your, like, maxes? Please don't forget arms and shoulder day.  I don't think anybody can forget that.  You need more water than a little sip.  Okay, mom.  Okay.  Do not drink.

 If you, yeah, I think that's good advice.  That's what I'm going to be doing now.  That's what I've been trying to do.  And like, I don't want to make it sound like I'm like a drug addict or anything.  Like 90% of the time, I'm not doing drugs or alcohol 90% of the time.  And I'd like that to be 100% of the time.  Are you on any drug right now? No, I wish.  I wish.  Okay, no, I don't wish just kidding.  I don't have maxes because I never actually tried one right max.

 The heaviest of bones like 225 on barbell bench.  That's good.  That's way better than me.  Legs are like my weakest part.  And it's not even close.  Pretty sure I can bench more than I can squat.  And that's just sad.  You should learn how to dress better.  I still love you.  This is the best it's going to get for me, bra.

 How do you force yourself to be more productive on those lazy days? That's a good question.  I'll let you know when I figure that out.  But I mean, the serious answer is you can always be at least a little productive.  Like for me, like, I don't think you guys understand.  Like, these leak code videos.  You can see my second channel.  I uploaded like, let's just see, I upload this year.  I made this channel at the beginning of this year.  And I've uploaded 150 videos this year.  And that wasn't even my priority.

 I've been doing a lot of other things.  And I've made 150 videos.  And the reason is I can bust out these videos faster than I can bust a nevermind.  But you know what I mean, right? Like I can bust out like once you've made 500 leak code videos.  Like it gets pretty easy.  And uh, yeah.  I don't know what else I was going with this.  Looks like a few of you got the joke.  That's always good.  Yeah, I think by the end of this year, there'll be like 200 videos on that channel.

 And I don't do it for like the money.  I showed you guys how much money I made off that channel.  Like 300, like this month was the most I made.  And it's like 300 bucks.  I do it because it's just it's easy to do.  And it makes me feel productive.  You make me realize how much more I need to upload.  Yeah, I mean, I don't upload like well edited videos though.  I think like most videos take a lot of effort.  Like if you go to my main channel, I really have not uploaded this year.

 You probably uploaded more than me to be honest.  Like let's just see.  Uh, yeah, that's pretty bad.  So I uploaded since the beginning of this year, since one, two, this one I unlisted because I don't really like it.  And I don't think other people liked it.  But one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, this year.  That's not great.  I'm surprised it's even that high.  Yeah, I've taken way too many breaks.  Even since I did the face reveal, I uploaded four videos since then.

 That was three months ago.  I don't know why I don't really like making I'd rather make leak code videos to be honest than make those types of videos, but those types of videos just get more views.  So to be as good as you, we have to make more videos.  Uh, it might help.  Like I do think explain like making videos does help.  But at the same time, let me actually show you like the videos I make.  I edit them in this program to eventually resolve because it's free.  And I'm cheap.  But if I show you one of these leak covers, this is like from yesterday.  It's like, look at this.

 Like not only do you record the video, first of all, you solve the leak code problem, then you record it and then you edit it, right? Like I edit it to cut out all the stutters and all the cuts, the retakes and everything.  So it takes time to make it.  And I don't like editing a video isn't going to teach you how to solve a leak code problem.  So like that might not be worth it for you, but solving it, explaining it, even recording it might help you get better.  And that's not just true of leak code.  It's probably true of anything.  If you're like trying to learn piano, it might be good to like record yourself playing piano.  Let's software to use for video editing, DaVinci Resolve.  It's free.  Okay, what are we doing again? We're skipping or including.

 Just be our college professor.  Please do JavaScript coding challenges also.  I did a lot.  I mean, I don't know if you're just talking about leak code problems, but if you go to leak, neat code all, scroll down, JavaScript, there was like a 30 day JavaScript challenge I did.  It's not, these aren't like traditional leak code problems.  These are more like learning about JavaScript and it as a language.  You can go to the playlist here, one of these 30 day challenge.  A bunch of videos.  And these are hard.  And they teach you a lot about JavaScript.

 Honestly, I learned a decent amount doing these challenges.  Yeah, you learn a lot about the language.  And I didn't just solve the problem.  And most of these, I kind of actually tried to explain about JavaScript.  Like you can see somewhere like see like I would show you at the end, like actual stuff, but whatever.  What are we doing? What are your pronouns? He, him, I think.  Why not post the raw video? I don't know.  I don't think, I mean, at the end of the day, like people want the shortest video possible that explains the most possible.  And yeah.  Like even my videos, like most people don't watch the whole thing.

 Like, I don't know why, but like people, like a lot of people just watch the drawing explanation.  I think actually more people skip to the code.  Most people don't even watch the drawing explanation for whatever reason.  It's like, and I get so many comments, people saying, oh, your code is wrong.  And it's not wrong.  It's just because they didn't, like, type it out correctly, but whatever.  Did you consider Twitch streaming? I did, but I don't think I can handle a dual stream right now.  Maybe I could.  I don't know what I've gotten any viewers on Twitch.  It's possible.

 Do you know Striver? I don't really know him personally.  I know of him.  Do you play video games? I used to play, I used to be addicted to Overwatch in college.  I probably put a few thousand hours into that game, at least 2000, I think, at least 1000, maybe 2000.  And I still wasn't that good.  Like the highest I ever got was like, Grandmaster.  I never even got top 500.  I only got Grandmaster for like a month.  Yeah, Overwatch is fun.  Do you know Nick White? I very tiny bit.

 Very tiny bit.  You're in your classmates, watch most of my videos 15 times.  I appreciate that.  I very much appreciate that.  You're probably learning a lot.  You're probably better than me atsite, I have many points.  I like only that it lets me express myself.  You're like, it's big.  Listen, I don't like that too much.  I just enjoy filming low School.

 I have someone else's favorite example, but I envy you, I love to do that.  I've lot of those kind of videos.  A type of fun that you connect to a player.  You expect new fans for photos? You're probably learning a lot.  You're probably better than me at leak good.  Honestly, we should be watching you stream right now Nikite plus plus are you comfortable with go-lang now More than I was like in this I still don't know what I'm doing here.  I Still don't know what I'm doing here skip Is when we just call helper Helper I don't think we want to return here actually we want to clone One of results.  Oh my god result.  It's gonna be this I keep forgetting like how to declare variables like Okay, we put this first.  It's an array of Inners it's a 2D array of integers That's empty initially and that's what we're returning here And we're it's not forget to call the function this time, so I'm just gonna call it Like that now how do we ask her I'm just gonna declare it.

 I'm just gonna declare an array called curve and Then I'm gonna pass it in because I don't know how to pass it in in line if somebody knows how to pass it in in line Let me know numbs. copy.  I really hope it's that easy.  I really hope it's that easy append to this numbs. copy Really hope or in our case we want curr. copy and then assign that to results Yeah, and we call helper we pass in curve.  We start at index zero Okay, when we call helper here, we pass in curve and we add one to this when we when we include We can do we can append to curve the value at index i from numbs and that will be assigned to curve here There is no copy.  Why would there be a copy? Why would it be that easy? Can we just slice it? And does this copy it because Python that does? That's your favorite leak code problem.  You know nobody's ever asked me that before Ah I don't know Never thought about that There was one I just solved the other day.  I actually really liked that one.

 It's not my favorite, but I thought it was really interesting Champagne tower Because it's it's like it's not it's like one of those problems where like you could grind leak code for a long time And then somebody will ask you this problem and it's it's really not that hard But I guarantee Even most people who grind leak code a lot would not be able to solve this problem because it's not like oh you just do DFS or you do sliding window or you do some algorithm you already know about now.  This is just very like logical It's not too difficult but It's it's not like a lot of other problems It's very different from most problems Yeah, similar to Pascal's triangle.  I guess there's just a little bit more math than this one I like the jump game problems too Hmm Yeah, but I don't like the BS problems where like you need to like know the trick before you even solve the problem My favorite algorithm is probably like dikes draws.  I love dikes draws algorithm So elegant Okay, I mean this is close.  We've definitely have some errors.  Let's see what they are Okay, what's that? What An error unexpected helper expecting Um, I think it was this right something like that Was it Yeah Okay, it's called f it's not called helper so we're gonna call it down there What? Yeah, it's called f there to Okay, whatever I probably should just name it helper everywhere, but oh Oh my god, I don't even believe that it just worked.  I genuinely don't believe it.  I could have swore we did something wrong, but Of course there's only 10 test cases.  That's interesting.  Oh My god, what's the difference? Like what did I do wrong here? It might be we're not popping how about this? I'm just gonna swap the order and then after we append to Kerr and then here before we skip it Let's let's set Kerr equal to Kerr From the beginning to the end length of Kerr Minus one, and I think that will not include the last element, but I still don't know if that's correct I mean it works for that but will it work for the other? Okay, it fails for this as well It looks like we're missing No, what is that? Looks like we had a duplicate When we call our helper, yeah, we're incrementing it each time You Any duplicate subsets Huh This is so frustrating dude, I should not be this tired right now This is BS Surprise like half of you guys have never stayed up for 24 hours before I feel like most people in college do at least like once Drink some water.

 Yeah, what time is it where I live like seven? Yeah, it's oh, it's 8 30 damn the time has flown Yeah Yeah, imagine having good sleep habits Did you work on barred AI when you were at Google I did not but I Mean I tried it before it was released and it wasn't very good at that time It's it's still not very good like I have to say I would have expected it to catch up to chat GPT but I guess chat GPT4 was in the pipeline for a long time before it was released and I think eventually Google is going to catch up though like Yeah, I mean they might mess up the execution like Google is not great when it comes to like Business stuff but technically the technical stuff is always good at Google like even Stadia And it like it failed it was not a bad product like technically Stadia is no longer available thanks for playing Oh That's so depressing That's so depressing because it was not bad It should not have failed as badly as it did and you know There's gonna be somebody else probably Microsoft that does the same thing and they're gonna be successful And Yeah, Google just doesn't know what they're doing.  I swear it's like Somebody I don't know who to blame, but like somebody at Google like people just don't know what they're doing I feel like a kid could have came up with a better strategy like didn't they just not have any games available Like what were they thinking Google food bar challenge yeah, I heard of that I actually did that too when I was in college I don't know if it helped me get an interview or not.  I did get an interview when I was in college I don't know if it was because of food bar or not Oh Did we pass this or yeah, we got a method.  Well, what's going on? What's going wrong here? It might be the way this Arrays working Because I am used to solving this problem in Python Where the arrays passed as like a reference, but I don't know if that's the case here I think it might be creating a copy every single time You just need to sort it really? You just thought what the input array am I just dumb? I don't line 13 and 17 I don't know Okay, so it is reference Why go I just thought it would be easy.  I thought people liked go I thought it would be easy for leak code.  I didn't I did not know what I was getting myself into I Mean, I feel like go is still pretty trendy though.  I could have maybe done rust, but I think that would have been even worse Yeah, I mean I know the rest of these languages, so it wouldn't have been fun.  I don't know these, but I don't think I want to know most of these Do you have a beard? No, I mean usually clean shaved I prefer being clean shaved like if I start growing up Bearded just hurts like my facial hair is so thick just hurts Please talk any word and Hindi.  If you put a sentence in Hindi, I'll try to say it.  Do you stream over the weekend too? Right now it seems like weekend for me, because you're streaming and it's 1138 on my end.

 Yeah, I mean, this is my second time streaming.  And both times I did a 24-hour stream.  So this guy's just going to keep saying, please talk any word and Hindi.  You're not going to say a sentence in Hindi, but you're just going to keep saying that.  You're really just going to keep saying that.  How did I do boss? Oh, just laughing, huh? Just laughing.  But hi, you butchered it.  You got that Indian smart brand.  Well, thank you.  Thank you.

 You would look cute with a beard.  I appreciate that.  It would mean a little more coming from a girl, but you know, I'll take it.  I do appreciate it.  Well, part of your of India is your family from New Delhi.  Do you watch anime? I used to not so much these days.  Why do you have any recommendations or? Cuter in a hat.  I can put the hat back on.  Hmm.  Watch a tackle and turn.

 Watch Bucky.  Are you streaming on a laptop? No, why? Is it bad? What college did you go to? You can see that on my LinkedIn.  Let me post it.  There's my LinkedIn.  You can be everything.  And while you're there, feel free to like the post.  Yeah, it's a PC.  It's Windows.  Any Discord community? Yeah, I can copy the link for that too.  But I mean, it should be in the description of this stream.

 There should be a link to the Discord in the description of this stream.  Uh-uh.  Let me paste it.  Please give me a shout out.  Okay.  Yeah, have a shout out.  Is this count as a shout out? Punkage.  Patel.  Where are you right now? I'm like close to the Seattle area.  Favorite sports, mostly basketball.

 Love you.  Love you too.  Some red flags when you interviewed people.  Nothing crazy.  Just other than, you know, being bad at coding.  And by that, I mean like people who struggled to write for loops.  Literally, they struggled to write for loops.  And probably being nervous was a big factor.  Like we've all been nervous before.  And if you're really nervous, yeah, you might, you know, struggle with some basic stuff that you already know how to do.

 But yeah, I would get, I would interview people and they just didn't know like the basics.  I didn't even ask difficult questions.  I remember the hiring committee.  They would tell me the question you asked was too easy.  Like that's the feedback I got.  But I don't think very few people would pass my interview anyway.  You've interviewed people with 10 years of experience in Java.  And they couldn't write loops.  Yeah, I don't know what it is.  Like, I don't know how that's possible.

 Yeah, I just, I don't understand it.  Like at the very least, like when you grind leak code, like I've been using Go.  And you know, I forget, I forget to use their keyword range once in a while.  But like, I'm, I've gotten to the point I can do most of this syntax.  Most of it.  These things I kind of struggle with.  Huh.  Pizza time.  I'm in bell time.  Let me know if you need a shy.

 It will keep you awake.  I appreciate it.  I'm seeing a lot of us in this kind of complete definition.  I think I know I've been using this for a long time.  I wish I didn't have a radio meeting on every single day.  Because that's a big deal.  I don't have radio original.  I just need this fusion and engines cool.  I'm not using that range of words.  In the single machine heat wave.

 from this in my opinion, it's about like, yeah, just all like the types of proofs that you learn in like discrete math, it can help you with this stuff.  How many programming languages do you know? Well, that's pretty debatable.  I don't know many programming languages well.  Like, I don't even consider myself good at Python.  Like for Elite code problems, sure.  But for like actual development, there's a lot of stuff about Python.  I don't even know.  Like, or probably say like my most comfortable languages, unfortunately, at this point has become TypeScript.  I'm pretty embarrassed of that because I really don't like JavaScript or TypeScript.  I'm decent-ish at Java.

 I forgot most of my C++, especially the way they do it now with like smart pointers and stuff.  And like, I know C mostly.  And I know C, I don't really remember anything about C sharp, but it's pretty easy to learn if you already know Java.  What made you build neat code in TypeScript? So like front and wise, I feel like TypeScript is like the main choice regardless of like which framework you use nowadays.  So that was pretty simple.  Angular by default is TypeScript.  That's what I did for front end backend.  Why did I use TypeScript? I think it was just for simplicity.  I used Firebase for the backend.  And I'm pretty sure I could be wrong about this, but I'm like 99% sure that TypeScript has the most support with the Firebase like SDKs.

 I can like look up the table actually Firebase SDK support.  I swear, I remember seeing a table.  And while technically all of these are supported, like there are differences.  I wish I could find it.  But yeah, they're like I'm pretty sure TypeScript has the most support.  So I just went with that and it just keeps it simple when you're using one language for front end and backend.  And like for my site, I don't like performance is like there's not a lot going on in the backend.  So performance is not really a key factor.  It's a pretty simple website to be honest.  Are you playing to do a master's in the future? No.

 I know people who are doing master's degrees and they already have jobs.  Like they already live in the US.  They have citizenship in the US.  And they have a job.  And at the same time, they're getting a master's degree.  I don't, unless you have like a very specific reason for doing that, I just don't really understand why you would do that.  Unless you're like trying to transition into a career or something that needs that.  Pretty sure most people get master's degrees for like immigration.  And yeah, I remember I was like when I went to college, I was taking like a senior level class and there was a decent amount of like master students in it.  And a lot of them were just cheat.

 Like, yeah, a lot of people just cheat in their master's degree anyway.  So I don't think they're doing it to learn.  I think they're just doing it to for immigration purposes.  Yeah, people get paid more for the same position.  I think it depends.  Like, it definitely depends.  That's probably true in a lot of cases.  But and it depends on the job role as well.  At Google, yeah, I can only speak for Google.  I guess I'm pretty sure you don't get paid more for a master's.

 You might be more likely to get hired.  From pretty sure you don't get paid more for masters, maybe as like a PhD, you get paid more.  Yeah, for a PhD, you might get paid more.  You might get like the second level compared to like somebody with a bachelor's degree.  Like, bachelor's degree, people start at L3 after they graduate.  I think PhD people start at L4.  I'm really a record.  I'm not like, I'm not being anti like immigration or anything like.  I think it's fine for people to get master's degrees.  I think it's fine for people to immigrate and all that.

 Yeah, PhDs are intense.  Google has like a very like Google was like, I think, created, was founded by people with PhDs and a lot of the early people, the influential people at Google, like Jeff Dean, they had PhDs.  So like Google really respects people who has who have PhDs.  It's like a big part of the culture, I think.  Some new grads at Google at meta can get L4.  That's pretty crazy.  Yeah, Jeff Dean the goat.  Jeff Dean is nuts.  I can't believe people that smart can exist.  He's just something else.

 I mean, I don't know him or know anything about him personally, just from what I do know.  He's crazy.  Yeah, I'm pretty sure Jeff Dean is like partially responsible for like coding interview, like the way coding interviews are today.  I mean, confirm that real quick.  I went on his LinkedIn once and I saw something that kind of seemed to imply that he oh, he went to University of Washington.  Oh my god.  How did I not know that? He got his PhD from UDUB.  Damn, and he got his masters from UDUB.  That's cool, but damn, I kind of want to endorse him, but I probably can't.  If you look somewhere, interview, wait, what? Maybe he changed it.

 Maybe it's hiring? Yep, look, look, look at this.  I don't know what you guys think of this, but isn't this a little bit suspicious? Look, substantial involvement in Google's engineering hiring process.  And he was one of the first people who joined Google.  And if you know anything about him, he's pretty good at like low level programming.  He's pretty good at like algorithm style programming.  So it might have been him who started like the leak code style interview.  It might have been him.  And like for people who don't know, you know, leak code didn't just come out of nowhere.  You leak code does not come up with a lot of their problems.  They steal them from companies like Google and other companies.

 They don't like make the problems themselves.  Car sound.  I don't know.  I'm pretty sure he probably maybe he didn't single handedly do it, but he definitely had an impact in creating leak code style interviews.  I 100% believe it.  100%.  So we blame him.  Can you roast viewer lengthens? Sure.  They literally had to make a new level for him.  Yeah.

 He's nuts, but I mean, he deserves it.  Like he's more responsible for Google's success.  I think them like Larry and Sergei, especially nowadays, like have Larry and Sergei done anything in the last decade.  Yeah, him and Sonye.  I don't I still don't know why it's this wrong, dude.  Is it a logical problem? Is it a logical error? Let me just look at the Python code because I'm pretty sure it's the exact same.  When we reach the end of the array, we clone it and add it to the result and then return.  Otherwise, we include the current item.  I don't know why it's even different.  If I put these in the opposite order, but whatever, let's go back to the other order.

 What? Okay, there we go.  Include.  And let's just get rid of the element.  Might as well.  Lengths of curve, this one.  This is also not going to work, but why? Can you just print the array? It's a good idea, but. . .  What is that, dude? What problem is that it's backtrack? If Python, I'm doing the exact same thing.  Look at this.

 And actually, that's a good point.  Why even pass in her if it's declared out here? It's no reason to, so I guess I'll stop.  But that's not going to change anything.  I assume.  Oh no.  No.  That's not what we wanted.  We call this.  I don't think that. .

.  It's the base case.  Is it? Is it that? Okay, now we'd fail the first one too.  Do these have to be sorted? No, no, I have duplicates.  I don't know anymore.  I don't think I would have checked if it's greater than.  I don't think that's the difference.  I feel like this is pretty similar to what I have.  I'm just passing it.  I'm just calling DFS with the same parameter twice.

 The only thing I'm changing is adding the number and removing the number.  A reference of curve.  Not a copy of it.  Okay.  How do we create a clone of an array? I just go to our previous submission that also wasn't working.  I'm trying.  Is it just this line? I still don't know how to clone it though.  It needs to be the same capacity.  That's strange.  Oh, Jesus.

 Oh, yeah, I guess I could just iterate over at the old fashioned way, but there it looks like there's a way to do it without the here.  By declare a variable, I call it.  Let's just call it.  Clone.  I haven't used that variable name.  Have I? And it's going to be the same length as curve.  We're going to clone curve into clone.  And then we're going to add the clone to this.  What? Array length.  Value of type int must be constant.

 What? Oh, it must be a number.  Why? Why? You should have studied basic syntax before the stream.  Yeah, but that's not fun.  It's not like it's supposed to be hard.  I'm supposed to be learning the language as I go.  And I learned the language.  Why is every basic thing so hard? I didn't think this would be a high level language.  I thought it'd be Java.  I didn't think.  I thought it might be verbose.

 But I thought it would have everything like built in.  Now, I didn't think I'd be this tired.  Ah.  Speaking of fun, what do you do for fun? Yeah, this is what I do for fun.  Are you in the Bay Area NUM in Seattle area? I want to visit the Bay Area.  I got to make more friends.  It's true.  Hey, bro.  Good evening.  Hey, I feel like I vaguely remember you.

 Ask when.  But maybe I'm wrong.  I do.  OK, I think we found it.  I think we found our way to do this.  So we get clone and we call make with the length of the original, which is Kerr and then we copy Kerr into clone.  And then we put the clone in there.  Okay.  Yeah.  I just need a few extra lines to do this.

 I mean, this is probably not idiomatic.  Go.  And it still doesn't work.  Okay.  That's that's my bad.  But it still might not work.  I mean, was the clone really the error? Was that the problem? I don't know.  We won't know until we run it.  Oh my god.  It was.

 So yeah, we had everything right.  We just did not acclown the array and uh.  Yeah.  So so that's the thing.  Why is Go recommended for everything if it's close to see like is it just about performance? I thought people liked programming and go like I thought it was about the developer experience.  And sure, if you're doing like lower level stuff or whatever, it's fine.  It's garbage collected.  Yeah.  But I mean, so was Java.  And it's like the biggest problem people have with Java.

 Okay.  I guess Go is not object oriented.  I think that's probably one of the big reasons.  It's not object oriented.  It's not like you're not going like 10 classes deep just to find the actual implementation of a method.  I guess that's part of it.  And you know what? I agree with that.  I don't like Java for that reason either.  But like this is just like this is a different problem.  This is like just a lot of stuff.

 And yeah.  A lot of stuff just to get basic things to work.  Do you take any cognitive enhancers? No, I do the opposite.  Take cognitive D enhancers.  Well, we got that done.  I want to try our luck at another one.  Let's see exact same.  Yeah.  I still don't even remember how to do that.  Long shouldn't like F is flunk.

 I'm going to take some parameter.  It's going to return some parameter.  I don't think it's going to return anything.  And then F is going to be equal.  I don't even know if we need the yeah, I think we need that.  No, we don't need that.  It's going to be a flunk.  It's also going to do some stuff.  It's not going to return anything.  I don't think we're going to have a result up here.

 It's going to be an array of numbs.  It's going to be empty initially.  No, it's going to be a two-dimensional array.  Yep.  That's what we're returning.  You came back after 10 hours of food looks dead.  Yeah, what am I going to do? How many times have you done 24 hours without sleep? Unfortunately too many.  You know the funny thing is I didn't, I don't think I pulled a single all-nighter in college, not one.  After college I've pulled way too many.  I don't know about you guys, but for me college is pretty easy.

 Like I went to a pretty average school.  It wasn't like super rigorous.  I probably spent like 20 or 30 hours a week on college.  I just spent the rest of the time playing video games.  No shotty makes it 324 hours.  I promise you I will.  I graduated like three years ago.  I'm going to play video games mostly overwatch.  You guys want to play that right now? It would be a little more fun than this.  I don't think I have the energy for that either to be honest.

 Lucio.  Now I played Healer and Tank.  I played Zenyatta and Anna and Zarya.  That's pretty much it.  Play a little bit of DPS, but great work.  Keep up the work.  I appreciate it.  I appreciate it.  I have work tomorrow, so I would leave soon.  That's okay.

 I'll be awake.  I'll be here when you wake up.  Are you trying to get a new job? At the moment? No.  At the moment? No.  No.  No.  Do you know much about typescript? Spotify's back end is mostly typescript.  That's interesting.  That seems very interesting.  I would think they would care more about that.

 about performance, but I don't know.  I don't know.  Maybe TypeScript is performance.  Best language for DevOps.  I don't think I'm the person to answer that question.  I don't know what a DevOps people do.  Like maybe they do scripts a lot.  Like maybe bash is important for DevOps.  I don't know.  Yeah.

 Yaml.  Yeah, that makes sense.  Terraform and all that stuff.  Yeah, you're probably wondering like what's the most important language for Google? And you would think like, oh, maybe Java, maybe C++, maybe Python or JavaScript.  It's actually configs.  You're actually just editing a lot of config files at Google, a lot of config files.  Do you spend time contributing to open source? Not really.  Damn.  How am I so tired? This is not it.  Config files in protocols.

 Yeah.  Bro, how do you enjoy leap coding? I should not be this tired right now.  The reason is I didn't get a lot of sleep yesterday.  That's not an excuse, but it's frustrating.  Heat something other than peanuts.  Yeah.  I might have to go get some food right now.  Dude, I promise you I'm not gonna go to sleep.  I mean, if I pass out, then I pass out, but I'm not going to sleep.  And there's no way I'm gonna pass out.

 I never pass out.  Why are Indians so successful? I don't think they are disproportionately successful.  I mean, there's over a billion people that are Indian.  So of course, like a small percentage of them are gonna be really, really successful.  And those are the people you're gonna see.  You're not seeing the billion people in India.  You're not seeing the like all the people working on the streets with like their food carts, working like 12 hours a day in the heat.  You're not seeing all the farmers who probably barely make enough money to survive.  You're not seeing like all the bakers on the streets, all the kids that are homeless.  So it's not, yeah, it's nothing special about Indians, I don't think.

 Hey.  Hey, I've one thing, I don't want torones- see that and kind of.  If there are anyone from Indian classmates from the community.  Maybe, um, I might Hire a little bit of Maybe? Buuuuu.  want to help.  Yeah.  Don't show concoit.  I'm going to be right back.  I'm going to use a bathroom.  I'm going to maybe get some food and I'm going to try not to die.

 I think that's I'll be pretty happy if I can achieve that.  There's no one will want to get away.  Okay.  I'm going to have to put my jacket back on.  Good morning, hey, good morning.  What time zone? I'm in a PST Pacific Standard Time, US West Coast.  What is LSD? Just Google it, brah.  Google that thing.  Yeah, LSD is bad for you.  I would not recommend it.

 I do not promote the use of drugs.  Why are there mosquitoes? Pro went to take something.  Do you still do LSD? I have not done it a single time since the video I talked about.  You look petrified when you stare at chat, do I? I like reading chat.  I look petrified when I look at this other monitor.  No, I mean, this is nothing.  11 hours is nothing.  It's just, I don't care about that.  I'm going to stop complaining too because the more you complain, it gets into your head.  Do you think it's fine to point out bugs in the company's website during an interview? I have one coming up and trying to prepare.

 Probably not.  I probably wouldn't because it's like, I guess off topic and they might consider it rude.  That's just my opinion.  I don't know.  Does anybody else have an answer in chat? I think you probably don't want to point out bugs.  If you went into a Google interview and you were like, hey, by the way, do you know anybody works on YouTube because there's this bug I've been running into? I don't think they would take it very kindly, but I don't know.  That's just me.  I'm eating up peanut butter and jelly sandwich, by the way.  I think if you're not from America, you probably think it's disgusting.  I think only Americans eat these.

 Try not to chew into the mic.  Phoebe and Jay, no drink.  I think I have apple juice.  This is definitely apple juice.  It's not beer or anything else.  Okay.  This is apple juice.  Thank you so much for the donation.  If I missed it, I'm really sorry.  Or maybe that's just an old one.

 To clarify, it's an error in the documentation of the very specific team I am interviewing for.  Even in that case, I don't know.  I mean, I see why you want to.  It's tough.  I think the safe play is to just not mention it because even if you're right, people will get offended really easily.  It's very easy to offend engineers.  So I don't know.  Just to play it safe, I wouldn't mention it, but maybe if the topic comes up, you can talk about it.  Bro having high school breakfast.  Do you do it 24 hours? I'm not really coding for 24 hours.

 Okay, this question should be the same as the other one.  And it's going to take an index and it's not going to return me thing.  We're going to call it starting at zero.  It's combinations.  Some it's pretty much the same.  What do we want to do? All all combinations that sum up to the target.  And we want to once again create clones of the array.  I already forgot how to do that.  It was more complicated than it should have been.  F.

 As what? What? Yeah, I just have code open.  Yeah, I feel like it's not hard to find an error in like the AWS documentation.  I should probably get rid of the bathroom break.  What's your ethnicity? I am Indian.  I am Indian.  Why you do recommend this video to me and I'm not looking for coding stuff.  You seem like a great person and I'm going to subscribe.  Thank you.  I appreciate it.  I appreciate it.

 If I is equal to length of candidates, but we want to return, but before we return, we want to results.  Yeah, results is going to be equal to append to the result of the clone and we have to create the clone ourselves.  We call a copy.  I mean, I just had it open.  How do you do it again? Yeah, copy.  Into the clone.  Curr.  But before you do that, you got to declare the clone with make and you got to pass in.  It's going to be in this type and the size of it.  That's what make takes, doesn't it? Yeah, the size, which is length of curve.

 How did you meet other CS YouTubers like Kevin and Nick? I've never actually talked to Nick or Kevin in an actual conversation.  I wanted to.  I remember frying pan.  Did some streams where he invited a bunch of people.  I wanted to join those, but I just never could.  I was busy during those times.  But how did I meet them? I think just through YouTube or Twitter or just comments and things like that.  Yeah, I don't know how networking works.  Talk with Climate.  Yeah, I don't know if he would want to talk with me, but if he does, I wouldn't mind.

 I don't know.  You can never really read Climate.  Love you.  I love you too.  You seem fully American.  Yeah, for the most part, I'm pretty American.  I don't why am I so tired right now? Like, okay, I've been sitting here doing a bunch of coding problems.  Sure.  But is it because I'm just talking the whole time? Because like, I didn't wake up that early today.  I mean, I didn't sleep a lot, but I shouldn't be this tired.

 I don't know.  Is this fun? It's fun in a way.  Like, I don't know.  Like physically, I don't, it's painful, but it's like, it hurts in a good way.  Like, we're almost halfway there.  And, you know, the less the more people that leave and they're like, oh, I'm tired, I'm going to bed.  Like, the more motivated I get.  Yeah, I'm probably not drinking enough water.  Well, you join the startup.  I would like to at some point.

 That's the base case.  And there's the case where we skip and where we include.  We can start with skip and just call f, i plus one, include.  How do we do that? Or something? A pen, yeah, we call a pen on curve with candidates at index i.  And we then call f plus i plus one.  I don't even know if we have to clean up.  I don't know if we have to slice it to remove the last element.  That might be unnecessary.  I'm pretty sure it is, but I don't want to risk it.  This is most of the code.

 We're doing the copyright, but we're not checking the target.  It has to, the sum has to be the target.  We just need a parameter for that though.  I'm just going to call it total.  Initially, the total is going to be zero.  If we're skipping, the total is going to stay the same.  If we're not skipping here, the total is going to be total plus the candidate that we just added.  I think that's more or less it.  Okay.  Yeah, this is not the correct base case.

 If total is equal to target, that's when we want to do this.  Otherwise, we just return, I think.  I mean, the stream could be split into two hours.  I think it's still going.  I think what is this? Oh, I didn't fix that.  It's still recording unless my computer crashes are good.  I'm not going to split this.  I am not going to split.  That might be a very dumb thing to do, but if we got halfway there, okay, the file, the video file is 30 gigabytes large as of now.  By the end of the stream, it'll probably be like 60 something gigabytes.

 I can live with that.  We need, oh, really? It has to.  I thought we already declared the type here.  I thought we didn't need to do that.  I don't know.  Do we actually need to? I don't know if that's correct.  Yeah, that's not.  At least not in this case.  Oh, loan.  Okay.

 Hmm.  Oh, we can use the same one multiple times.  So when we include, we shouldn't increment this guy.  I think that's the only difference.  And the only reason I know that, well, I know it that quickly is because what is that? Out of memory.  Oh, how is that happening? Do we have a, now remove the var? Huh? Really? It's going up.  I would put music on, but most of it's copyrighted, isn't it? Like, you guys know any good, like, non copyrighted music? Yeah, it's a PB&J sandwich.  NCS.  What is that? Man, why do I keep seeing my frickin' thing on there? Oh, I didn't know about this.  I mean, I'm still kind of paranoid.

 I have a doctor, right? I have a good night.  Well, I don't know if you're going to sleep, but thanks for coming by.  Brian.  Appreciate it.  Yeah, maybe we're getting. . .  Oh, my God, I'm dumb.  It's true.  We're missing a base case.

 If total is greater than target or. . .  That's still giving us an infant loop or infant recursion? Oh, my God, it worked.  Okay.  It looks like you want to end yourself.  No, not yet.  But there's still time left.  27. .

.  27 big ones.  Your back doesn't hurt.  Not too much.  It hurts a little bit, but. . .  I kind of want to watch another YouTube video.  You guys have any recommendations? Like that video? That leak-cud video we watched was pretty funny.  Oh, my God.

 Hey, hey, there's Kevin.  Should we watch this one? You guys want to watch that video? Yeah, the one with Kevin.  Let's do a poll.  So, video? We can watch it like faster speed, too.  I think I already watched it, too.  It's a pretty good one.  It's pretty interesting.  I don't really know much about Striver, but I've. . .

 He's cool.  As far as I know.  Yeah.  The NCS channel.  I wonder if any of it's good.  Let's listen to this real quick.  Looks like most of you guys want to watch the video.  This is kind of trash, but I think this is non-copyrighted.  How many leak-cud questions do you think you've solved? What's been your favorite moment at Google so far? Have you been at Google? Seventeen years.  Today we're on the Google campus asking Google's questions like what advice do you have for someone trying to get into Google right now? How many leaked code questions have you solved? Do you see yourself staying at Google in the future? Also make sure to stick around till the end because this guy has been at Google for almost 18 years because Met Larry Page and has the best tips for software engineers.

 Let's go.  Okay, so first off what's your name? How long you been at Google and what's your title? Um, I'm Allison and I'm software engineer and I've been here for two years.  Oh two years.  Okay.  What's been your favorite moment at Google so far? I was part of the end residency program and so we got come together as a group and all hang out and it was really fun.  And what would you say is your favorite perk of working at Google? The food.  I agree.  Yeah.  I was actually there.  Earlier this year, like at this office, it's super nice.

 And what about if you have the piece of advice you're trying to get into Google right now? What would that advice be? Just keep trying.  I feel like if I'm here, I'm here.  You've ever slept in that pod and have you ever ridden the G-Bike? I ridden a G-Bike.  Never slept in that pod.  What languages do you use? I work on Google workspace signups specifically.  We work space individual and I use Java and Texture.  And do you feel like you could see yourself here longer term? You've already been here two years, but do you think you see yourself staying here? Yeah, it's great.  I do so.  Oh, awesome.  Thank you so much.

 I'll see you next time.  I appreciate it.  Okay, so I met Eric yesterday at the gym, but I guess for the camera Eric, what's your name? How long you been at Google and what's your title? I'm Eric Newcomer and software engineer and so what do you think about sort of your expectations at Google versus now? You're on the other side of your own Google.  How is it Metro? I think it's pretty accurate.  And what would you say? Obviously you've successfully gotten into Google now, but if you had to go back and do again, what's like one piece of advice? You would give yourself now that you know, right? What's some you did wrong in that you correct? Not stressing out too much over it.  There was a lot of leak code preparation as you know.  Of course.  What would you say if like in one word? What's your experience been at Google so far? I wonder if this guy like used my videos at all.  I mean, maybe he used Kevin's videos, but I was wonder like at Google.  Like how many people used my videos? I agree.

 I think amazing.  It's pretty good.  Thanks.  I'm very grateful.  I appreciate it.  I see you around.  Because I didn't like six.  Okay, so what's your name? How long you been at Google and what's your title? My name is Tiam Loh and I've been Google for six months now and my title is Software Engineer.  And what team do you work on and what technologies do you use? I'm working in the Google Employee Management team.  I'm using iOS things like app.

FTC and the Xcode.  What do you think is your favorite perk of working at Google? I can bring my dog to the office.  And what would you say, you know, if you had to give one piece of advice to someone trying to get into Google? What advice would you give them? Just for yourself and don't spend much time on leak code.  Because I feel like the code is kind of boring and. . .  What? What did you just say? Spend much time on leak code.  But I don't know about that.  I don't know about that.  Because I feel like the code is kind of boring and also let's come maybe like make you not be so passionate about being software engineer.

 Because all those questions on leak code are so boring.  So let's maybe like not be useful advice but yet.  How many leak code questions do you think you've solved? Maybe 200.  If you had to give advice to one person who's about to interview you.  Only 200.  Those are rookie numbers.  Those are rookie numbers.  Well, what would that piece of advice be? Just come down.  Yeah, it's like a wise egg.  That's awesome.

 Thanks, senior.  So first thing, what's your name? How long have you been at Google and what's your title? So my name is Ashutosh.  I've been at Google for around five months now.  My title is the software engineer.  What do you think of Google so far in your first five months? Oh, it's brilliant.  What would you say if you had to give one piece of advice to someone who's trying to get in the Google right now? What would that piece of advice be? Work on your basics.  Try and understand some co-concepts.  I realize after joining also a lot of people over here.  Really emphasize on threading, parallelizations and sort of stuff, which is always boring to study, but it's like used everywhere.  So that's something I would like to like, yeah, that's a good piece of advice.

 What would you say is one? Less or no thing about Google.  That you really love.  There are massage chairs on every floor.  So you've got to time your lunch and when you want to just get on that chair for 15 minutes and relax, yeah, they're really awesome.  So thank you so much Ashutosh for here.  So first off, what's your name? How long have you been here and what's your title? My name is Yusuf Hassan.  I am a software engineer working in a cloud.  And what do you think of Google so far? Oh, yeah, it's really nice.  I've got my six.  You know, it's a really enjoyable experience.

 I really like what I'm doing.  And what do you think is your favorite perk of working at Google so far? Honestly, just the people.  Every single day I'm learning something new.  I'm building connections.  People are mentoring me.  It's definitely a really nice thing.  And what would you tell someone who's preparing for their Google interviews now? But if you could tell them five minutes before their interview, one piece of advice, what would that be? You don't have to get the question exactly right.  You know how the process works.  You know the algorithm.  Be you just don't know the exact syntax.

 But if you show them that you have that problem solving ability, it'll really make a difference.  That's great.  Yeah, totally great.  Have you ever slept in a nap pod? Have you ever ridden a Google bike? Definitely ridden Google bikes plenty of times.  But I haven't slept in a nap pod.  Awesome.  Thank you so much for talking.  I really appreciate it.  Nice to meet you.  You said it.

 So what's your name? How long have you been at Google and what's your title? My self-hobbilyie has been here for around seven months.  And my diet is actually the software engineer.  And what do you think about Google so far? Is it like all it's cracked up to be? Is it what you thought it was before you joined? Yeah, I think it made all of my expectations so far.  What would you say is maybe like the most important skill you think someone should have to try and be able to work here? I think solving the problems with coding.  So I usually prefer Java.  So you should be able to do it.  If you were walking on like campus and you saw somebody doing an interview, well, what would you do? Would you like walk around it around the camera or would you just walk like right through it? Because this guy, what would you say is maybe like, kind of just didn't care.  He could have probably walked like the other side, but he's like, screw it.  I'm just going to walk right through.  What's important skill? Do you think someone should have to try and is didn't care? I respect that.

 Be able to work here.  I think he's like, you know what? I'm not walking around.  I don't care.  It's coding.  So I usually prefer Java.  So you should be able to use the collection framework and data structures well to be able to solve the problems.  And I guess what would you say? Maybe someone who's about to interview tomorrow.  What's one piece of advice you'd give them for the interview? Yeah, just the text, it actually looks like tech lead.  It really does.  Oh my god.

 Maybe he's not ex-google anymore.  He's like currently at Google.  Damn.  That's an actual alpha now.  Give them further interviews.  Yeah, just try to see how you can solve the problem.  It's okay to walk you in between the software.  Yeah.  And what's one word you would use to sort of summarize your whole experience to Google so far? Awesome.  I agree.

 It's awesome.  So first off, what's your name? How long have you been at Google and what's your title? My name is Shantanu.  I've been at Google for five months.  I work for the Cloud and Payne's Broad.  It's in GCP.  And what would you say is one piece of advice? If you could tell someone trying to get into Google right now.  What's one piece of advice you'd give them? Yeah, I think a lot of companies ask the question.  As I've seen, but Google, I think if you have the basics down, I think you can crack the entries.  What about aside from the bikes and then actually having the free food? What would you say is your favorite benefit to Google? There's an amazing massage head in this building.  I'm pretty good.

 They have an amazing gym.  So if we go into the gym, I would go to the massage head and just lie down.  Do you feel like you're learning a lot at Google? Do you think this is a good place to sort of have a career and grow and learn? Oh, definitely.  We're pleased to learn and grow as a gym.  Awesome.  Thank you so much.  Really appreciate it.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.

 I'll see you around.  Thank you.  Appreciate it.  First off, how long have you been at Google? What's your name and then what's your title? I've been at Google for a little over four years now.  I am an agency account strategist.  And what would you say is, I guess, one word to summarize your experience at Google so far? Life-changing.  That's a good one.  Okay.  And what would you say is one piece of advice you'd get someone who's trying to get into Google right now? I think when it comes to Google, a lot of it is finding right opportunities.  Some roles might seem like a perfect fit right now, but it might not work out.

 So I would say just don't give up.  Sometimes, and even more perfect role come up.  And so, yeah.  That's great advice.  One quick last one.  What's your favorite perk in Google? My favorite perk is the 401k match.  Yeah.  That's a good one.  It's a good one.  Awesome.

 Thank you so much.  Appreciate it.  Bye, Mala.  Okay.  I know nobody cares about this, but first off, 401k matches are huge.  And at Google, there's something called, well, you can do this at a lot of companies.  It's called the Mega Backdoor Roth.  And it's like a huge tax advantage.  It's insane that people like Google can do that.  But if you're just a regular working class person, you can't do that.

 You can't do the Mega Backdoor Roth.  So first off, what's your name? That's like, how long have you been? How the rich get richer? That's just how the world works.  That's just how the Google works.  What's your time? My name's Jan Tien.  People just call me X-T.  I've been Google in 17 years.  And then what team are you on? And what technologies do you use day to day? Well, I'm in Google endpoint management team.  Our team help Google's customers with manager devices, especially iOS devices.  I use a wide of tactics like from the front end, from the model side, like, just to sweep and then occasionally, like Java script and then backhand, we have Java, we have Python, we have C++ scripts.  Actually, you can do everything.

 So what would you say, I guess, is your favorite moment throughout your almost 18 years at Google? Well, to the one moment I really still remember today, that's what my very first project, we have a project called Google Notebook.  It was a very nice project, and it's localized for like 20 plus 30 plus languages.  Then we have a weird back.  It was like, for some languages, the first time you loaded a project, it doesn't work.  Reloaded, it works.  You know, you can't really reproduce this, because once you reproduce once, it's gone.  How do you handle it? How do you handle it? So then I'm looking at this. . .  Deployment thing.

 There must be something wrong, but I don't have lots of chance to catch it.  So I just look at the code just by staring at this.  One moment I find the price.  Ah! I got the Erika.  It's very technical, it's basically one two parts put together, both parts are localized.  They are not linked together properly.  So for English, everything works.  For other language, the first time it will hit an amputecache.  That's not the popularize.  And the second time it hit the catch, oh no, it's up.

 But the first time it will always miss.  Amazing.  What would you say? You know, I'm sure Google has changed a lot throughout your almost 18 years here.  What are some of the ways that you think it's changed? Oh, there's a lot of ways Google has changed.  Google was a really small company.  I think my joint as a junior in New Year, my manager's manager is Lara Page himself.  No way.  Yeah? Oh my gosh, that's not like that now.  There's like 150,000 people now.  XT was probably the first 1000 people here.

 Everyone just speaks their minds there.  And anyone could criticize the company.  I don't think that's right where to go.  And then I repeat, talk to your host like, up there like, tech joke, tech joke.  Yeah, I was very interested.  And the question is just walk to people's decks and talk to people directly.  Really? Yeah.  Have you talked to either of them? Yeah, I've talked to one of them.  Why? And what would you say, you know, you've been here a long time, you've seen a lot of things.  In your opinion, what do you think is the most important thing for someone to have to be a software engineer? I would say most people can do that.

 But not everyone can be a good one.  So to be a good software near, when seeing, I think, the most important.  You try to understand the things how it works.  You're really, really hard to understand how to make it work.  That's the key trace of a software engineer.  What would you say? I guess if someone is trying to get into Google right now, what's one piece of advice that you give them for their prep or their studying? Tactical point of view.  You try to look at what kind of interviewer question Google is asking and try to prepare for that.  But I don't think that's super important.  It's more important like what do you want to do? What do you want to do in Google? What do you want to do as a software engineer? Google is not the only good company you can join.  To be a software engineer, what kind of skills that you want to have? And you grew that past percent.

 And Google would just come to you.  Even good on some other company will come to you too.  It's totally great.  There's endless great companies out there.  And Google is just one of them.  You've been here for 18 years.  What keeps you here? What keeps you happy? Obviously, I am happy.  Otherwise, I would have already left it.  The important thing here is that Google recognizes people's values.  And it tries to put people in the right place.

 It's really care about interview engineers.  I've never had this place.  And I found my place.  So I'm staying in this nice place.  Well, we're really happy to have you, X-T.  Thank you so much for talking to me.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you.  Well, this channel for me to be. .

.  This is a video by the way.  I'll link it.  People want like different videos.  Looks like some people want this video.  Oh, this. . .  Some people want frying pan.  We can do either.

 This one's shorter than I was saying.  How long is this one damn? That's a long video.  I mean, I'm pretty sure half of you guys watching don't even know how to code.  So I don't know if you're going to like this video.  Dang.  All right, somebody asked me earlier, how high are you right now? Not high enough.  I'll tell you that much.  Well, let's do a poll, I guess.  Which frying pan video, the new one or. .

.  Because this one's not really about coding.  I don't know.  We can just watch it anyway, but. . .  When you're at Google, where you like, they don't know I'm neat code.  Yeah, I never told anybody so people didn't know at the time.  I don't think, I mean, even now, it's not like most people care.  People don't really care.

 People have their own lives to live.  I don't think. . .  I mean, there are people like Kevin.  He's like public.  I wonder if people recognize him or say anything to him.  Do you have to pay for corporate housing at Google? Yeah, they don't give you. . .

 I mean, I didn't intern at Google.  Maybe if you intern, they'll pay for your. . .  Housing, but like I was just a software engineer like full-time.  So I paid for my own apartment.  What PC do you use? I like built it myself.  I can pull up the specs to be honest.  Whoops.  Here's the specs.

 I have a RTX 3060.  And that's plenty good enough for me.  I have 32GB of RAM.  What CPU do I have? I have this CPU.  I7, 3700K.  Or 13,700K.  The dependency injection.  You went from a box on the left to a circle on the right.  Do I play games? Oh yeah! Let's watch this one.  That's a good.

. .  Thank you for commenting that.  I don't know if you guys know who this guy is.  It's supposed to be a comedy.  And okay, if you don't find it funny, I didn't write my own lines in this video.  If you do find it funny, then I wrote my lines.  Okay, I mean in reality, I didn't write it.  But yeah, this is a collab I did with somebody.  When you think you're smarter than you're interviewing, I feel like.

. .  I hate watching myself because it's like cringy, but. . .  All right, I'll slow it down.  It's like a five-minute video.  It's supposed to be funny.  You may or may not think it is.  Hey, and you're Jordan, I'm guessing? Hey, yeah, that's me, nice to meet you.

 And thanks for taking time out of your data interview me.  All right, well, we're on a tight schedule, so let's get started here.  I'll quickly introduce myself.  I'm Nekkoad.  I've been at the company for four years now.  I'm a senior engineer and a tech lead on my team.  If you wouldn't mind taking a couple of minutes to tell me about yourself, I'd appreciate it.  Wow, four years.  Idiot.  Not job hopping for optimized TC.

 Wait until he hears my background.  Sure, so actually I first worked at Fang and after realizing that I wanted some more interesting work, I've since moved to high-frequency trading.  I feel like you'll find my resume to be hopefully more than enough to prove that I can work in any tech company.  Yes, an impressive background indeed, but of course I've still got to interview you nonetheless, so today we're going to be doing a system design question since it looks like you want to come in as a mid-level engineer.  Well, actually I applied for a staff level position, but the recruiter refused to let me try because I'm only 22.  I see.  Well, let's get started.  So today we're going to design Facebook Messenger, so ideally we'd like to design for reliability, scalability, and. . .

 Oh, Lord, Messenger, I could do this in my sleep.  I don't even know if I want to work at a company that is this low of an engineering bar.  All right, so let's get started.  Obviously we're going to need to start our data because there's a lot of it.  So I propose using one database to store all chat metadata such as IDs and associated users, but of course our main bottleneck will be ingesting all of the rights.  For this, I propose using Apache Cassandra.  We can use the chat ID as our cluster key and our message timestamp as our sort key.  Okay, that sounds like a good approach to me, but what makes Cassandra so fast at ingesting rights? Ah, here it is.  Chances to prove myself and get up leveled.  Well, actually, aside from its leaderless replication schema, which minimizes right bottlenecks compared to single leader replication, Cassandra actually uses an LSM tree-based index to make sure that rights go to memory, unlike a B-tree index where they just go straight to disk.

 Yeah, very impressive.  You certainly know your Cassandra architecture.  As a quick interlude from our messenger problem, could you describe to me what type of tree LSM trees use? Well, yeah, of course, they use a self-balancing binary search tree like a red black tree for an expected logarithmic time complexity for reads and writes at all times, as opposed to a typical binary search tree, which can just have linear time complexity in the worst case.  Yeah, great.  I'm glad you're familiar with red black trees.  That's where I was looking to take this problem.  Could you do me a favor and start to implement one for me? What? Did you just ask me to code up a red black tree in a 30-minute interview? This guy is crazier than I thought.  If I hadn't been doing 10 lead code hard problems per day for the last two years, I think I might be screwed here.  Well, yes, of course.  In fact, I already have the insertion and the searching methods completed for you in OCaml, pattern matching and all.

 Okay, do you think that you could try implementing deletion from the tree? Wait, seriously? That last question is already absurd, but now you want this? There's like 20 plus pattern matching cases.  I think it's quite simple actually.  In the time that you just spent complaining, I just implemented it in assembly.  Oh, that's pretty great for you, but I'm starting to think you're just wasting my time.  I just programmed an entire LSM tree and SS table implementation in Minecraft with a redstone based setup.  What do you think about that? That's actually quite impressive, but here's my geospatial index that I just made in scratch.  Okay, this can't be possible.  This guy must have been doing lead code hard since he's come out of the womb and he'd open up a second front to this battle.  All right, look, it's clear you're a smart guy, but I've got to hit such more easily than you.  Hmm, maybe so when was the last time for you? Just last night actually, how do you like that? There's no way this guy pulls more than me.

 Huh, why not today? Well, actually, my girlfriend has been shopping for dresses all day for upcoming vacation to Fiji.  Jealous? Oh, wow, that sounds expensive.  I'm assuming you're also paying for that new Louis Vuitton dress that she got today.  Is that right? Yeah, obviously.  Wait a second, how'd you know where she was out shopping today? Hey, listen, Jordan, I'm sorry, but our 30 minutes are up.  You seem like a really capable technical candidate, but I think I'm going to have to lean no higher.  You're just not a cultural fit at this company.  We don't take beta males.  Yeah, I don't know.  I don't know what that video was.

 I mean, it was fun.  I didn't ride it.  He wrote the script.  What do you guys think of my acting skills, by the way? I mean, I think I'm ready to be a professional.  That's the link to the video, by the way.  If you're curious.  Yeah.  Okay, we might watch code aesthetic.  I don't know if people want to watch it though.  It looks like it's kind of 50, 50, but there's a short video that's kind of funny.

 I've seen this one before.  This one's really good.  Actually, I think all of this guy's videos are good.  He's so underrated.  I don't know how he only has a hundred K, 150 K subscribers.  Oh, I love this one so funny.  I'm still not understanding this.  Why is it so hard to display the birthday date on the settings page? Why can't we get this done this quarter? Look, I'm sorry.  We've been over this.  It's the design of our backend.

 First, I have to hold a bingo service.  See, bingo knows everyone's name though.  So we get the user's ID out of there.  Then from bingo, we can call papaya and mbs to get that user ID and turn it into a user session token.  We can validate those with old map.  And then, once we have that, we can finally pull the user's info down from raccoon.  Yeah, we're putting the raccoon team basically just. . .  No, raccoon isn't guaranteed to have that info.

 Before we do this, we have to go to me, man.  Do a query to see if the user's willing to take it to the next level, or if they're just playing the field.  Now, wingman is cool, but he doesn't store any user info himself.  He has to reach out to other user info provider services like RGS, Barbie Dog, Ringo2, BLF.  But how does it know what all the user provider services are? Well, for that, it has to go to Galactic.  All-knowing user service provider aggregate here.  And what Galactic has omniscient knowledge of all current user info providers, it doesn't have future site or knowledge of past user info providers, so it expects a time limit.  To get all the current user info providers, we need to pass a time range with the current time and a time representing the end of the universe.  Which we get from EKS, our entry chaos service.  EKS is being deprecated at the end of the month for Omega Star, but Omega Star still doesn't support ISO timestamps like they said they would a month ago, so until Omega Star gets their fucking shit together, we're blocked.

 We can't get sign up for our use case, we can't use EKS, there's nothing we can do! So Galactic won't be able to find our new birthday boy provider, which means, Plague Man won't know how it's hooked to anybody, which means I won't be able to find your love in all-dialoant! I'll dialoant without ever knowing love, without ever knowing it's my birthday.  We're blocked, okay? We're blocked, you sad, pathetic little product manager.  You think you know what our users want? You know nothing of my pain, of Galactus's pain.  You think you know what it takes to tell the user it's their birthday? You know nothing.  Delivering this feature goes against everything I know to be right and true, and I will sooner lay you into this baron earth than entertain your folly for a moment longer.  Alright, so clearly this is a blocker, no problem, it pushes out another two to three years or so.  Learned a lot today, loved Galactus, but we'll talk next week about adding middle names to the profile.  Awesome, sounds good.  Take care.  The joke, by the way, is that like microservices are like really complicated and like it's more complicated than people make them out to be and yeah, it's pretty much that.

 I feel like should I not explain the joke? I don't know.  The joke here is this dream.  I think we're done watching videos.  I was. . .  Thanks for explaining the joke I was lost.  No problem man.  Where did you get your shirt? I got it off and was on believe it or not.  Believe it or not.

 Do you want one? No, I'm not going to sleep, I promise you that.  I just, I'm just a little tired, but something I can get through.  Validate, I think there's a chance we can solve that one.  Where did the Google hot go? Yeah, maybe that's what I needed.  I don't, I don't think I can do it like physically.  I don't think I can do any more weight code projects.  I don't think I have it in me.  Do you read the chat? Yeah.  You got this? Yeah, take a park.  No, I'm not going to stop.

 I don't care.  You're going to watch me die on stream before I stop.  I mean, not literally, I'm overexaggerating.  I'm not even that tired.  I'm just conserving my energy at this point.  It's a marathon, not a race.  I already know how to solve this problem.  For every node, we just want to know if the range is valid.  Is there a way to do like negative infinity and positive infinity? God damn.  Oh my god.

 Please tell me there's a way to do like negative infinity and positive infinity.  Yeah, I know how to do it in Python.  I do want to help or function the I don't know if we need to define it in here.  Okay, so we want to know if the value is valid.  Yeah, it's just about the way the values are ordered.  So everything on the right has to be greater.  Everything on the left has to be us.  And I don't think we need to put this inside of here.  If we can just say this, Palper root and left is an end.  Right is also an end.

 And it's going to return a Boolean.  And here, all I have to do is call helper root.  Left is going to be negative infinity and positive body.  If roots is equal to nl, return true.  Oh.  You got better at go.  Yeah, I'm trying to get the hang of that.  I'm taking some rest.  Not really.  All right, so is there a max and men and and go? Oh, if there's not, then how do you do this? Like, I just need to know.

 Ant-max is math thought that is that actually it is this actually it.  And even if it is, like, look at this, the node value, if it's a max 32 bit integer, like when I'm doing it here, if I'm if I'm trying to validate the tree, I just want to know that if a root dot vowel is less than because it's strictly less than first it's strictly greater than left.  And root dot vowel is strictly less than right.  Because it has to be.  Oh, my God, when you said you wanted to learn go, I thought it was the game go.  Not the programming, my gosh.  That's funny.  Uh, yeah, so.  It has to be strictly this.  Now if that's not the case, we return false.

 And if it is the case, we just immediately return false.  Like as otherwise, we return helper root dot left and helper dot right.  F, you guys can't see did something happen.  Please don't tell me it went out.  Is it still working? Hey, thank you so much for the donation on cut.  Um.  Okay, we're back.  Okay.  I think we're good then.  Who.

 What do you mean we have two more minutes? So for the 12 hour, it's actually already been going for more than 12 hours.  And I do have it recording like I like my computer is recording.  Even if this does not get saved, I will upload it.  Either to my main channel or to my second channel.  So if you want to watch the video, uh, just in case I don't upload it on my main channel, probably will on my main channel.  But if you want to watch it after, um, here, let me link my second channel real quick.  This is my second channel.  Uh, subscribe there.  If you want lead code videos and that's might be where I upload this video when we're done.  How you managing the caffeine? I'm not taking caffeine.

 I swear.  I don't really like caffeine.  Okay.  Yeah, we're turning both of these, the end of both of these because they both need to be valid.  Okay.  Now in the left sub tree, what are we trying to validate it against? The right.  I think the left stays the same and the right is going to be root dot vowel here.  Oh, root dot vowel and the right stays the same.  Of course.  Okay, that's.

 I don't know.  I mean, that's me.  I got to fix that, but I don't know what to do.  Is there like, can I do a max int that's even greater than the 32? Oh, my God.  What is that? Mass, uh, man.  Okay.  Undefined root dot right undefined.  Say what? Oh, no, I mean, what? How's it undefined? Has no field.  Oh, lowercase.  Are you retiring soon now? I don't really plan on it.

 Oh, nice.  Damn.  That was less code than I was expecting.  Huh.  That's good.  Which one was that? Validate.  Where'd it go? Validate.  You don't have to do this.  Yeah.  This is the last time I probably do a 24 hour stream.

 So I'm doing a 24 hour stream is one thing, but coding is just not easy to do in 24 with 24 hours.  Especially leak code.  Like there's certain types of code that's easier to do than this.  If I was doing Python, how would things have been different? Would it have been different if I was doing Python? Is your butt flat now? I don't know how to take that.  I mean, I don't think so.  What if you were doing C++? I don't think there's a single language I could have done that would be worse than go.  Like among the languages I know, I 100% could have done more even with C++.  I mean, C++ is not bad for leak code.  I'd prefer C++ over Java, like with Java, you can't even index an array.  You need like a method to get and put values into an array.

 It's nuts.  Why go? That's a good question.  I would say I regret it.  I learned about go.  I did not know it was going to be this bad for leak code.  I did not do my due diligence when I came to that.  Can I get a shout out? Sure.  If this counts as a shout out.  Could you use the bathroom yet? Yeah, I've used it quite a few times.  I'm trying to switch to assembly.

 Is assembly, I don't think assembly is on here.  It'd be kind of funny if it was.  What's a racket? Isn't that like a functional programming language? Why would they even add that? I feel like that's new.  I'm pretty sure this is new.  I mean, I don't even like looking at this.  This reminds me of something I learned.  Like ML, it was called or something.  Like the functional programming language.  ML, functional programming language.  This is what I learned in college.

 It's like you do everything with recursion.  There's no loops.  Reset stream.  I'm actually recording it.  My computer is recording the stream.  I don't think we'll run into the issue of losing any of the footage.  I wish I could upload the last session, but I wasn't recording that one, unfortunately.  Do you develop on Windows? Technically, I have a Mac that I use.  And when I am on Windows, I actually use Windows subsystem for Linux.  So I don't really use Windows for development.

 I use Linux or Mac just because it's like better shell and everything.  Are you sponsored by NordVPN? No, I've never been sponsored by them.  They've reached out to me.  But I don't really like doing sponsor shops.  Thoughts on them.  I don't know.  I don't think them would ever be for me.  I'm just not good at typing in general.  My fingers just aren't like you'd have to, like even now, I don't learn like the ID shortcuts as well as I should for like VS code and everything.  Kind of a boomer when it comes to like typing.

 Do you have a LinkedIn? So every time somebody asks, I'm just going to keep linking the exact same post.  So you can follow me and you can like my post.  And yeah, you can send me a connection request.  I might not see it though because I have quite a few of them.  I'll be still for 24 hours.  I don't know.  We'll find out.  I woke up like four or five hours before I started streaming.  So it's going to be a long day.  Well, the day's over.

 It's going to be a long night.  What time is it? We're halfway there.  It's 10 o'clock.  10. 20.  Your connection request has been pending for a year.  I don't think I even had my LinkedIn public for a year.  So I don't know.  Do you ever see yourself building anything with a go? I might.  I mean, I like the idea of go.

 I might have to learn more about it though.  I don't know like as much as I hate Java, like Java gets the job done.  Doesn't it? Like.  Like nobody ever regrets using Java.  I feel nobody enjoys Java, but like.  Yeah.  What does go good for? I'm still trying to figure that out.  What kind of engineer are you? I guess I'm mostly like full stack.  I don't think I'm like an expert in anything though.  I don't consider myself like a front end expert, nor a backend expert.

 I don't even consider myself like an expert or like a very good developer.  I can learn things as I need to.  But even like developing isn't really my passion.  I just like understanding how things work.  It's your opinion on college.  I thought college is fine.  It's not perfect.  Like I feel like my senior year was just kind of a waste of time.  Like I feel like three years of college is enough.  After three years, you pretty much, you know, you know how to program.

 And I feel like you'd be better off just getting a job after three years of college.  Like spending a fourth year in college is not the best use of time.  How are we doing out here? We're surviving.  You know, we kind of hit a plateau.  But.  And do you still do any drugs? I try not to.  Go to sleep.  No.  Do you go to the gym? Yeah.  Let's watch a video of Tom and Jerry.

 Get some coffee.  No.  Give us your top 10 YouTube coding recommendations.  Let's read.  Well, especially when we use YouTube, I think when I read the comics about, I thought, well yeah, that's way better than the other. . .  sounds that sound like I was supposed to be on YouTube.  But a lot of time is just the same thing.  How do you see rests future? I don't really know a lot about rust.

 Justify learning technology to themselves.  And they'll come up with reasons like, oh, this is actually gonna help me in my career.  I don't, I think people usually end up doing what they enjoy doing.  I think Primogen just liked Rust, and he wanted to learn Rust.  And now, I don't know what happened.  I don't know if he's still into Rust or not, but I remember there was a bunch of like weird drama where the Rust community about like copywriting and stuff like that.  And now people don't really like Rust as much.  So I don't, I have no idea.  I don't think there's anything wrong with the language from what I've heard at least.  Well, he's not gonna funny.

 You spend a bunch of time learning technology that you don't need.  Just hoping that one day you're gonna need to do it.  It's, doesn't seem like the smartest thing to me at least.  I don't know.  Like I guess I'm kinda doing the same thing.  I'm doing go right now.  I'm probably never gonna need go, but I was mostly just doing it for fun and to learn something new.  Do you like Jenkins? I don't think anybody likes Jenkins.  I only did like a little bit with Jenkins, but yeah, I don't think anybody likes it, do they? Just really clunky.  Let me just do the same as the same tree problem, and I'm not going to solve it the optimized way.

 So can you tell us a deepest darkest secret of Google? I mean, I can't really tell you anything that would get me in trouble, but it's not really a lot of secrets.  It's a lot of internal tools.  It's Tesla on the same level as Fang.  I can't understand when you're in college or whatever, especially in Indian culture, like everything is about prestige, but I don't really think that usually matters.  I think you should look at things for what you care about, and obviously everybody cares about money.  So, you know, I guess Tesla probably pays less than certain companies.  I don't know though, but yeah, money and benefits, you have to look at it like what's in it for you, because I'll tell you like one thing about Google, for whatever reason, Google is considered like the most prestigious, even on YouTube.  Like you can say, hey, I'm an X Amazon engineer, but that doesn't have the same ring as saying like, hey, I'm X Google, like, whoa, Google, like the brand name is very powerful.  And of course, Google, if they have that brand name power, they're going to use it to their advantage.  If they know somebody wants to work at Google more than they want to work at like Amazon, then Google is going to say, well, I don't have to pay them as much, because if I pay them 10,000 less, they're still going to rather work for Google than work for Amazon.

 So, they're going to use that to their advantage.  And that's why you shouldn't get to like star struck about the brand name.  want to know that why doing such a thing is fine.  who? How big doesn't match Post office? Itsbeauty REA Spa, Do you do therapy now? I'm just looking at my phone.  Sorry.  I feel like so many people like texted me and message me like Because of the video I made today and I appreciate it at the same time like I don't know.  I don't know how to feel about that I'm not gonna take a nap.  I appreciate I Appreciate you guys caring about my health, but I'm not taking a nap Spin the hat, please You look cute, thank you, thank you Okay, you just you just said it three times I know I look cute, but I don't think I'm that cute.  You don't have to say it three times Do you like the color red? Yeah Why don't you like that people texted you about the recent video? I don't I don't mind it like I 100% I appreciate it I genuinely I genuinely appreciate that people like care enough to actually say something but at the same time like I don't Like I don't know if how many if you guys actually follow the channel at all But if you do you probably can kind of sense Like I don't talk about myself.  I don't talk about my personal life.

 I don't I don't like attention I don't like getting too much attention from people and and It's just like how my personality is so it feels weird to like now be public about certain things Obviously, I can't take it back.  I made that video and I have no problem with that But yeah, and yeah, I don't I don't mind that people messaged me.  I Appreciate that there are people like willing to do that It's probably just it's probably merges the personal problem of mine.  It's probably a good thing that I did this um Say something and hindi or Punjabi I Know them I know each language very little Can we can we allow to just copy and paste the code that we wrote? From same tree like we got to start pumping these numbers up like this is the nighttime hours Nobody's gonna know if we cheat just a little bit right? Like nobody's gonna know I mean who the hell is gonna watch the 12 hour mark of the video when I upload it Like ain't nobody gonna know come on now Like what do you guys say what do you say do we pump these you're gonna? Yeah, I know just one of you one of you people is gonna comment like hey at this at 12 hours and 30 minutes He started cheating.  He started cheating guys Get him he didn't actually solve it.  He's a phony You use snitches you snitches and chat You guys Men's stack Okay, I mean daily temperatures and that maybe the these stack problems we might have a chance of doing these I'm just gonna go to the bathroom real quick Legit don't care if you cheat Yeah, but it's not fun cheating One second You You You You Wait was there a cat? What are you guys talking about is there a cat in this room? Was it moving? No, you guys are making stuff up Cuz I do have a cat, but there's no way he was in here Is he No, you guys are fucking with me Yeah, you guys I mean there's a jacket What are you guys saying brah? There's no way I'll rewind the video.  It's all on video You guys are making stuff up there.  There's no way You're messing with me.  Well, you got me It's like a tabby cat I can go get him if you want You know what I think I'm gonna go get him Yeah, there's just no way we don't even get to 69 problems They're also hard at this point and it's it's not even that they're hard actually.  It's that they're Freaking no built-in data structures, dude.

 I don't know how to do these without the data structures So frustrating I Do I get men's stack? It's outside the source push pop at top and retrieving the minimum element in constant time I think this one's pretty straightforward.  So a lot less code.  It's just Yes, give away the cat what give away I'll go grab him real quick You He's a big kitty Yeah, he's a big boy He's on my desk come on come on buddy He doesn't like that.  I don't think he likes you guys How old is he I think he's like four or five maybe four and a half You can he reach that? There was a mouse.  Elite Billy.  How he not like us.  He doesn't like being used for engagement.  I'm going to go put him back now.  Yeah, I forgot the BRB.  I always be forgetting that.

 Oh my goodness.  I don't know where to put this anymore.  One sec, I'll be back.  Say we saw a mouse.  He's about to hit the mong.  Why don't you post any shorts? I don't know.  Shorts are kind of trash.  Like I hate shorts.  I don't even watch shorts.  Post a pic of your shorts.

 How much Adderall was used in this? None.  I don't really use them.  I barely know how to exit them.  Daily temperatures.  Current array such as the answer is the number of days you have to wait after the ice day to get a warmer temperature.  There is no future day for which this is possible.  Keep answer is zero.  Okay, so brute force would be. . .

 I don't know.  Didn't UP for 12 and a half hours? Yeah, I used the bathroom a few times.  I mean, we can use two stacks.  Tamps.  I don't want to do a stack of pairs because then we had to define our own struct.  What am I doing? I'm doing this.  I know it's monotonic, but I need to. . .  Okay, that's that.

 Tamps.  Injects.  And yeah.  It's monotonically decreasing because anytime we find an increased one.  So I just take the index minus the previous index.  Yeah, we're counting the number of days.  We're counting the delta.  So we want the index and we want the temp in temp pressures.  And we also want a result.  I know this is one way to do it.

 Make and make it the same length as the temp.  And then return.  There's a. . .  Okay.  Hey, good night.  Yeah, good luck.  Best of luck, Elizabeth.  Can't you use the indexed? Oh, that's.

. .  Yeah, that's kind of dumb on me.  Why do we need to store both? The index can give us the temperature in the first place.  It's true.  Okay.  Okay.  While the length of index is greater than zero.  And. .

.  The index itself. . .  I mean, this is kind of why I guess I had the second stack.  Because now we're going to have to like. . .  do like three things here.  The index of what? Of the most recent.

 So, length of index minus one.  Oh, my God.  Look at this beautiful code.  Look at that.  Okay.  If that temperature. . .  it has to be less, right? We're looking. .

.  have to wait to get a warmer temperature.  So, strictly greater.  So, this is less than what? Than the current temperature T.  While that's the case.  We're going to say, in result, at this index, once again, getting the length minus one.  Because I guess we can't do negative one in this language.  We're going to sign that to the delta in indices.  The number of days you had to wait.  Which is going to be.

. .  Are you 22% scanned in Avian? I don't think so.  His body count is higher than his lead code count.  So, the delta in indices, which would be i minus the index.  Which is, yeah, once again, getting the length minus one.  But it should work, shouldn't it? While that's the case, we're going to do that.  Like, is this result a rake going to be initialized to all zeros? Because, of course, the last temperature is not going to have any warmer temperature after a. . .

 So, I just want to know.  Oh, yeah, we should pop as well.  How do you pop? Tamps.  Or index.  It's going to be index.  Length of index minus one.  Oh, here.  Of course, we forgot range.  Okay.  What? So, it looks like the loop is just never executing.

 This loop.  Of course, the length of end. . .  Oh, we're not pushing.  And, the x equal and the x.  And, what are we. . .  I? Yeah, because we don't need the temperature.

 So, yeah.  Okay, that works.  Did we get it? Yep.  We got it.  Ladies and gentlemen, we got them.  Clap.  Clap.  Hold the applause.  Hold your applause.  What was your toughest interview until now? Believe it or not, I haven't actually done that many interviews.

 I don't know.  Probably the Google one.  I mean, I interviewed at Google twice the first time I failed.  And the second time I passed, they were roughly equal in terms of difficulty, though, I would say.  The second time around, there was one problem that was very weird.  It wasn't like a traditional leak code problem.  It was very, very math heavy.  If Google offered you an L5 position, would you take it? Right now, maybe in the future.  But I don't even know.  I would want to try working somewhere else.

 I mean, Google is really, really good.  But parts of it are kind of. . .  The tech itself is not super interesting in some ways.  He got reached out by finger cruders even now, not really.  Is frying pan lying about the 400k offer? I don't think he is.  I don't actually even know where he worked.  I think I asked him, but he didn't even tell me.  Because he's pretty private about that.

 I think he can't. . .  He's not allowed to talk about it or something like that.  That's fine.  I respect that.  Yeah, I mean, I'm pretty surprised too.  I have no idea who it could be.  Who's paying him 400k? Especially it was. .

.  It's not a HFT company.  Because he was in the Bay Area.  So that's just nuts to me.  He said part of it was stock appreciation, I think.  So does that mean it's publicly traded? Or was it paper money? I don't know.  It must have been publicly traded.  I wonder why he left that job though.  He must have been working a lot.  But man, I wish I knew what it was.

 I already have it open.  You're getting our wave strings.  It's crazy.  Even these problems that I pretty much already know how to solve are not easy.  Like I can't imagine doing some problems that I have like no clue or actually have to like think it through.  I just can't do it.  Like my brain physically can't.  It's insane.  I really should have prepared more for this.  I could have practiced bleak good problems.

 I should have done something.  I should have slept more.  Jesus.  I should stop complaining.  And you guys are just going to tell me to go to sleep.  Can you do it? I'm going to sleep.  I'm going to sleep.  And you guys are just going to tell me to go to sleep.  Can you say something controversial so I can clip it? I don't know.  I guess there's no shame and only solving like 50 problems.

 Just kind of embarrassing.  Whatever.  I went to sleep and woke up.  You're still here.  Yeah.  Marvel or DC? I guess Marvel makes better movies right now, but like. . .  I love DC way more.  I'm definitely more of a DC girl myself.

 I just love DC.  The only thing I like about Marvel is Spider-Man.  I don't really like Avengers.  Am I the only one? I feel like it's kind of boring.  I don't know, I'm kind of weird.  Everybody likes Avengers.  Hmm.  Okay, what is this problem even doing? Reverse Polish notation.  Okay.  Well, I mean, it's in the stack category.

 And okay, what else? The operator's D-shop RAM must be in nature or an X-ray.  Okay, so it's just a stack problem.  And what do we do? It's always valid.  I assume.  Right? The input's always valid.  We always round down.  There were not many divisive ones there.  By the end of it, we return a single result.  Okay, so part of the problem is, buy, see ya.  Bye-bye.

 What's up with the hat though? I don't know.  It's supposed to help me.  I don't think it's working.  Do you trade? I assume you mean like stocks.  I don't really trade.  Reverse very passively.  I do very safe investments.  So we have a stack.  It's just an array.  And what it is.

 What do we return in? We're returning.  And assuming there's only one thing left in the stack.  And assuming it's an integer.  Or what for the index which we're not going to use and the character in range of tokens.  Favorite language? I don't even know what my favorite language is anymore.  I don't think I have a favorite language.  It depends on the purpose.  Like I love the syntax of Python.  But I wouldn't want to build like a large application in Python.  Like I just like static typing way too much for that.

 How are you doing? I'm doing pretty good.  Thanks for asking.  How are you guys doing? Bye.  See ya.  Do you follow any sports? Not a lot.  Do you watch cricket? Not a lot.  Recent video was fire.  Glad you're doing better.  Thank you.  I appreciate it.

 If I don't sound like super enthusiastic right now just because I'm tired.  I could talk louder but I'm trying to like conserve my energy.  I don't want to like puke.  You sound like Ross from Friends.  What did you last eat? I had like peanut butter and jelly sandwich.  Friends or the office? I don't think I watched like one season of the office and it's good.  But I feel like it's a little overrated.  I'm a big fan of friends to be honest.  I love friends.  But I don't know.

 Maybe that's just me.  Oh you like office more.  First season isn't very good.  Who likes laughing tracks every 10 seconds? That's a fair point.  Friends rides on nostalgia.  Yeah maybe.  What are we doing again? We need to check.  We need to check is the character a plus or is the character a minus or is the character or is it none of the above in which case we say stack is equal to append to the star the value the character but we want to convert it to an end.  Can we do that? Like it can't be that easy.  There's just no way.

 How do you convert a character a K a a rune into an integer and Python or go? Oh I mean I guess we just do it the manual way and just subtract the integer the rune and zero.  And I guess this will implicitly convert it to an integer.  Please or do we need to cast it to an integer? I really hope I really hope it converts it to an integer.  Here what are we doing here? When we do these we're doing it in which order because the order kind of matters at least for subtraction and division the order matters.  So if we have division over here it's going to be 13 divided by that.  I'm going to say there's going to be a lot of duplicate code.  Now I'll live with that B is going to be stack of blanks like my s1 a is going to be the other one is going to be minus two.  You can't do that because the numbers are greater than or equal to one.  Oh they're negative.  Are they negative? I mean with that not work.

 Of course if it's one minus zero it's going to be a positive one but what if it's negative one? Oh it doesn't work.  It actually doesn't work for negatives I don't think it works.  Brow is on power saving mode.  I can't even deny that.  Why is it got to be so hard? Why is it got to be so hard to convert it to a fricken integer? Like what? That's not like part of the difficulty of the problem.  It's just not.  Wait a minute.  We can do this.  There's a way ask to integer.  Okay.

 I feel like it's only going to accept strings though.  And that's going to be a problem as well.  You need to import it.  Do I? Maybe I'd let you could already handle that.  Your tokens are strings.  Yeah but doesn't it convert it to like a rune implicitly? I don't know.  I mean sometimes it's a bite.  Sometimes it's a rune.  I don't know.  I keep forgetting.

 But either way it's got A and B.  And we pop them from the stack.  So stack.  Let's remove them.  It's going to be stack.  Here.  Length of stack.  Minus two.  This is so painful.  I wonder the idiomatic way.

 I should be looking at the solutions after I solve a problem.  I should be looking at how other people solved it.  Because this is horrific.  This is horrific.  This code.  You know the worst part is when I actually stop the stream I bet I'm not even going to be sleepy anymore.  And I'm not going to be able to sleep.  Whatever.  All right.  So we got these.

 What else? Now we just need to add them together and then append it to the stack.  So stack equals stack or append to the stack.  A what? A plus B.  Assuming we can't push them as integers.  Because we're really expecting that they're integers at this point.  Can I just going to yank? And the yank and yank.  OK.  So minus is pretty easy.  I mean, it's literally the exact same.  Just got to change the operator.

 Too high.  I think that's it.  Assuming we can writing it to an integer.  But I don't think we are.  Line two.  I did not expect an error.  That high up.  See.  Wait.  It's a string.

 So I want double quotes here.  Really? Really? I thought it was like a run.  I don't really understand.  I must really not be remembering it correctly.  When is it a run? Like when you index it? Like is this a run? No, this is not a run.  These are integers.  They're supposed to be.  Oh my god.  Oh my god.  Oh my god.

 Did it work? Holy crap.  That's fast though.  I mean, I think Java is roughly the same.  This is definitely going as fast as Java.  Pretty sure of that.  Showing us a value.  Yeah, but the funny thing is I think I'm pretty sure the last 24-hour stream we did, we solved something like 60-something problems.  And that was when we were doing Python.  Like we're kind of on the same pace learning a new language.  So I'm actually doing better than I did last time.

 It's still not good.  But we definitely are doing better than last time.  I'm just. . .  Yeah, I'm going to try to stream more often, I guess.  I might make a twitch.  I might make a twitch.  I think I have a twitch, but I might stream it.  Which company ripped you off? The Twitter replies are saying it was MongoDB.

 Is it true? Pretty much.  Pretty much.  I was planning to do that this time as well, but I don't know.  You like this unhinged version of me? How is it unhinged? I don't think I've said anything too crazy this stream.  I feel like I was worse last stream.  Last time I was streaming, I was swearing a lot.  Trying to keep myself cool and collected right now.  This is a hard to concentrate.  Yeah, I'm just waiting for my second win to kick in any moment now.  I'm going to have a bunch of energy.

 Any moment now.  I don't want to take coffee.  I'm just going to take another ad though.  I'm just watching anime.  So I guess I'll watch anime recently.  I've just been watching anime movies.  Not even a lot.  When I say anime movies, I mean one movie.  I recently watched this a few weeks ago.  You guys see this movie? The wind rises.

 I thought it was really good.  It's like about World War II.  It's about an engineer too.  It's about an engineer who's like architecting plans.  It's about Japan during World War II and the ending is really good.  Yeah, I love the ending.  You are still alive.  Why Windows and not a Linux distra? I have Windows subsystem per Linux.  But yeah, for the host machine, I just use Windows.  I mean, Linux is fine.

 But let's be honest, there are certain things you just can't get on Linux.  There are certain programs.  I'm pretty sure the video editing software I use, DaVinci Resolve.  Pretty sure it's not on Linux.  I could be wrong.  But like pretty sure I can't install it for Linux.  I mean, this guide says you can.  Maybe you can, who knows.  But I bet there's a lot more setup involved than doing it on Windows.  I wish age did you start programming? I think I was like 19.

 I'm 25 right now.  Started programming at 19.  I quit Amazon after two months.  Great video.  Yeah.  I appreciate it.  That's what I meant to say.  Sorry, I'm just tired.  How long did it take to create neat code? Or you take them out the website? It was very iterative.  The first version wasn't super difficult.

 Like most of the time I spent coding this site was on the CSS.  Like I did most of the CSS myself.  And that was just a dumb thing to do.  I don't know.  I wrote it in Angular.  Yeah, that's right.  Max Suburay Sum.  Although, it's a trick.  Then its built on that, right off ToyOizara version, which UNMI wild text who to deadline you.  Forget it.

 LOL! Keith, no time to forget it.  Is just the first time in LA? Well, you create in-depth Python tutorials.  I can if people are interested.  But you have a code work for a leak code or algo expert.  I think there's a bigger chance of algo expert working for me.  I'm just kidding.  Just kidding.  But I don't know.  You slept and woke up.  I don't really have any thoughts on algo expert.

 How many hours per week did you work at Google? Usually 35 to 40.  I'll just say that at Google, a lot of people are smart.  Most people are nothing special.  But there was one guy on my team.  He was the tech lead on the team.  He would work probably like 35, 40 hours a week or probably closer to 35 a week.  He would come in same exact time every day.  He would leave at like four o'clock, maybe like four 20.  I don't know, I mean, that is a joke.  But like roughly like four o'clock.

 He'd leave every single day.  And I never saw that guy on his phone.  Like when he's at work, he was like intense.  He was like working.  He was focused the entire time.  If you had a question, he would be the first person to help you.  He'd be the first person to volunteer his time.  Anytime you scheduled a meeting with him, he was 100% there.  That guy was on another level.  It wasn't because he was smarter.

 Like it was just because he was super disciplined.  And yeah, I think like when most people think of like what a Google engineer is like, most Google engineers aren't anything special with that guy.  I think that's what like most people imagine when they think of like, like what a Google engineer is like that guy was, he was like the most productive person on the team.  He was the smartest person on the team.  And he worked like 35 hours a week.  He was insane.  Oh, hey, Raul, hope you're not too tired.  I'm a little tired, but I think my second wind is coming in strong.  Now old was he, he was not much older than me.  He had been working at Google for like five years.

 He got promoted very quickly.  He got to senior engineer after like three years.  And he should be probably going to be principal pretty soon.  He was insane.  Did he enjoy work 100% he enjoyed it? But he enjoyed it because he wasn't like killing himself.  He wasn't working 60 hours a week.  He was working like 35 hours a week.  I know if you're doing something that much, it's easier to enjoy it.  Did he come from a good school? He not like one of the super prestigious schools.  You came from like a good school, but not an insane school.

 There was a guy I knew at Meta like that, except he also put in 60 hours a week.  He's L8 now.  Yeah.  That I mean like it's true.  Like you know, if you have two people like very, very good, somebody's working 60 hours, somebody's working 40 hours.  Of course the extra time is going to is going to pay off over a long period of time.  Yeah, that's not so.  How much is L8 at MetaMake? Probably a lot.  Let's find out.  Probably a mill.

 I don't even know what L8 maps to at Google.  L8 is principle at Google.  What am I looking at? No, no, I'm not even on the meta.  I'm still called Facebook here.  Oh, damn, that's actually even higher than L8.  At least slightly what? Am I have to have to log in or something? This is scam, bro.  Okay, it works on my other window.  I don't know why.  Yeah, that's that's how much somebody at MetaMakes.  That L8 on average, I guess.

 And probably the stock price fluctuations will matter a lot.  Yeah, imagine the taxes.  Yeah.  It's higher than Google.  Definitely.  I think it's like one data point here.  How many L9s are there? I feel like at that point, you're just like outing yourself.  Jesus.  Google fellow.  Yeah, there's not going to be anything there.

 At least one point to yeah, the initial grant is probably the biggest thing.  So what's this problem again? Okay, so cut down.  I'll go on the maximum, separate some and return the sum.  So the result and what if it's all negative? Yeah, like what if they're all negative? What would be the max, separate sum in that case? I don't know.  So I'm just going to initialize it to the first value because it can't possibly be less than that.  Return the result.  I don't need the index.  I just need the value from range norms.  So we're going to keep track of the total so far.  How much luck is involved in getting the L8? I'm probably, I mean, I'm not going to pretend like I can answer that question.

 Maybe Rauwul can.  But there's definitely like any types of like high achieving things.  There's almost always like an amount of luck.  Like there's a pretty like standard pipeline, I think, into getting a job at big tech.  And obviously there's luck involved in that too.  But to get to like the higher level positions where there's just like a small number of positions, and you're going to have a lot of good people that can like, we buy for those positions.  There's going to be luck involved.  Like only one person can be CEO.  There's two requirements at that level.  One company wide impact.

 And two, enough business scope.  Burn L8, which means that there's not going to be a lot of slots for that.  And yeah, that makes sense.  It seems so weird though.  Like L8 is not even like, you could be a really, really good engineer.  So you're just not an L8 engineer at like big tech because it's a very specific type of job.  You could be the type of engineer that could like create your own startup or whatever, like, I don't know.  But you're just not like that type of, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong because like I think of like the first person I think it was like Jeff Dean during the early days of Google.  Obviously all the work he was doing was pretty descriptive of like company wide impact.  certainly there was enough scope for like the work he was doing.

 So I don't know.  Maybe yeah, you just have to be really, really good.  And also your strength, your skills have to be like, have to fit into the problem space and the like business of the company.  I don't know.  I'm not very coherent right now.  Don't listen to me.  Which projects did you work on at Google? Some of them I can't really talk about because they didn't get released and they probably will never get released.  That's actually most of it.  But the biggest thing I did was like migration.  It wasn't even I talked about like the the team, the product I worked on at Google was this cloud data flow.

 It's like a big data processing framework.  It's like proprietary Google.  Well, it's built on proprietary Google stuff, but they open sourced it.  It's called a potchy beam.  It's not very popular compared to like Spark because look at it, they open sourced it in 2016.  They should have done it earlier because a potchy beam, it's it's basically just a potchy flume or it's Google flume.  That came out in 2010.  If they had open sourced it back then, it would probably be a lot bigger than Spark, but it's not.  And maybe it's not easy to use either.  Also another one actually I won't go into that, but yeah, I mostly worked on cloud data flow.

 Are we doing here? Okay, if the sum ever becomes negative, we reset it.  Total add in.  And also if total is greater than the result, result is going to be equal to total.  It's more or less that we might have a bug, but ain't nobody got time for reading it.  Okay, no, it works.  Do we have we might still have a bug? Okay, no, sweet.  That's 31.  Are you saving the stream? Yeah, I plan on it.  I mean, I get that people are going to like watch it afterwards, but like nobody's going to watch the whole thing, right? Like I plan on making like a well edited version of this video into like 10 or 15 minutes or something.  I was hoping we'd get to 100 solved problems.

 The title would have been a lot better, but I don't think we're going to make it.  Is neat code all enough to crack technical interviews? Probably like it's not like if you saw over 400 problems, you're going to be pretty good.  At least, especially if you understand them pretty well.  Your resume is not getting shortlisted, any advice.  I mean, I could give you advice, but I don't think my advice is going to be any better than like anybody in chat.  They can probably give you just as good advice.  I don't like, I was never great at making resumes and I didn't really review resumes either.  Yeah, I definitely need an editor to getting the footage.  Check your Discord.  I will probably when the stream is over because I've had quite a lot of discord notifications today.

 Quite a lot.  Yeah, I'm still here.  What's your deepest darkest secret? I don't really have much.  Yeah, I don't think I can really do anything worse than what I said in the recent video.  It's pretty much that.  I got one pretty basic person.  Rotate the fan.  I've done it a few times, so I'll just do it like this.  Is that what you wanted? Any plans to join back Google? Probably not.  I mean, I'd be willing to in the future, but probably not on at this time.

 Does YouTube pay for your bills now partially? I can't lean against my headrest because the hat thing is in the way.  Any GitHub horror stories? Not really.  Did you enjoy the development part? In general, I enjoy coding.  At Google, it's just painful though.  It's like, okay, fine.  You have to do a lot of unit testing, a lot of integration testing.  Most of your time is going to be spent on that.  Okay, fine.  And then on top of that, you have to write a lot of design docs.  Okay, fine.

 And I'm on the front end team.  So, okay, now you want to add a button or do something on the UI.  Okay, now you got to get UX input.  And you got to have a bunch of meetings with them.  In cloud, you really have to be very particular about the features you add because you really have to understand customers.  So then I'm like, okay, I got a schedule of meeting with the PM.  And oh my god, I'm not trying to generalize what the PMs that I've worked with.  They were just, they just didn't care.  They like, it was so hard to schedule meetings with them to get their input.  And it's like, okay, fine.

 Like, this is the work I'm doing.  I'm not going to be punished for going slow because that's just part of the process.  But you know, when so much time goes by and you just feel like you're not doing anything.  You're not delivering anything.  You're just kind of soul sucking.  You just feel like you're wasting your life.  And yeah, like the PM I'm talking about.  I'd see this guy like standing in the micro kitchen, you know, just chatting with people.  And I'm like, bruh, why don't you chat with me for like 30 minutes in a meeting room.  And maybe I can get my feature done.

 But no, you'd rather just, you know, eat a snack, drink his smoothies, and just chat with people in the hallways.  But that's okay.  So good.  How PM's relatable.  I'm not trying to bash people because I know there's a lot of like good PM's.  But yeah, I can only speak for my own experiences.  How much the PM's make at Google? I don't know, but pretty similar, probably close to engineers.  And like, that's not even the worst of it.  I had a different PM.  And this guy just didn't, it wasn't even like, okay, he didn't like join the meeting.

 Like he just didn't do his job.  Like I had to do his job for him.  Like a task that's like 100% his scope.  I had to do that.  That's also part of the reason I left.  Just so boring.  Like I would add, I would add this guy to meetings.  He would say he would accept the meeting invite and then just not show up to the meeting multiple times.  Like, what am I supposed to do in that situation? Other than do his jobs? God, these problems just suck.  Happy number.

 Did you raise it with your boss or something? Yeah, but like nobody wants to escalate.  Like, even if they fix the problem for me, it's still just like a pain.  And actually, I didn't even have a manager at that time.  Like my manager changed teams.  For like the last few months that I was at Google, I literally did not have a manager for the last like three months that I was at Google.  So yeah, I couldn't really raise it to anybody.  I could raise it to like my skip, but I didn't really care enough.  Why isn't the front end of neat code built on React? Because I made a regrettable choice and I used Angular.  And I don't know, maybe next time I stream, we'll do a migration from Angular to next JAS or something.  That would probably be a little bit easier to code than what we're doing here.

 Happy number.  What is this problem again? Right now, I'll go into a term.  If a number N is happy, happy number is defined by the following.  It starts with any positive integer.  Replace the number by the sum of the squares of its digits.  Repeat the process until the number equals one where it will stay or it loops endlessly in a cycle, which does not include one.  Those numbers for which this process ends in one are happy.  Okay, so that's cycle detection.  We need to keep track of visited stuff.  So probably just going to use a hash map.

 I'll call it visit, but there's probably a better name for this map integer to int because it doesn't really matter what we map to.  I assume N is always it's positive.  Okay, square of the digits.  Damn, I mean, that's not hard to do.  It's just more code than I was expecting for an easy problem.  I'm just going to do a wild true if we're allowed to do that.  Actually, I'm going to go to the bathroom.  I'm going to be right back.  you check Oh How am I still alive dude? Oh, I still alive It can give road map for back end There's plenty of road maps online and I'm pretty sure there are back end road maps for free online Whoops Like hey look at this I'd say this is a pretty good back end road map Get away Your views on Melanie don't know what that means man What's the cost of living in the bear area Bay area for an average? We actually didn't live in the Bay area, but it's pretty high It's very high you could probably get a better answer just online um But it's like I'll tell you the cost of living in Seattle like I got a pretty a relatively cheap apartment for the area Like I think rent and utilities and even parking was like 2000 a month and Yeah, including like everything I guess like I could probably live off of like 3000 a month So like 36,000 a year in Seattle, which is cheaper than you think for Seattle Do you ever live with roommates only in college? I wouldn't mind the idea of having roommates But in college I didn't have great roommate sounds like oh that kind of sucks So I didn't get roommates after that are you still in the Seattle metro? I'm pretty close to Seattle Yeah How long you've been awake I've been awake probably so I've been streaming for like almost 14 hours I've been streaming like 20 minutes longer than the counter says we were just talking for the first 20 minutes What kind of distance for to downtown were you? Very close.  I was like a five-minute walk away from the Google office in South Lake Union Feel like there's a different question.

 I was answering but now I forgot I'll be your roommate Is LSD better alone or with close friends? I think it's better if you don't take it at all But I don't know just like if you're gonna do it Just try to be really safe because there's a lot of stuff that can go wrong people don't tell you about it Everybody just acts like it's a party drug or you know you go to a music festival and whatever but There's people who do stupid stuff when they take that And you don't want to mess up your whole life over something like that Have a trip sitter.  Yeah, that's not a bad idea So LSD Takes you to profit.  I'm not saying that like is that the moral? Is that the takeaway that people had from the video I uploaded? I didn't even try to focus on LSD It was just that that was like the defining part of like those like several months Like I genuinely yeah, I won't go into it is what it is You Tripping at a festival is a vibe.  I wouldn't know.  I don't really like Like I like the idea of music festivals I just don't like the idea of being in like a massive crowd and just being sweaty and hot and like I mean, I mean you must you have to be high to enjoy that because like just imagine the smell Just imagine the smell Yeah No wonder people Take LSD at festivals Reminder to Interesting How did you negotiate with your salary with Google did they low-ball you yeah? They gave me the lowest offer possible and I did not I did not negotiate I didn't negotiate I was happy to get whatever they offered me I mean theoretically, you know, it doesn't hurt to negotiate but it would have probably slowed the process down I mean man some of those recruiters like they work like snails you'll get a reply like once a week So I did not want to slow the process down.  I just want to get in as quickly as possible Yeah, opening my third eye probably helped with the smell You guys are lucky you're recruited responded so fast I wish I had the same experience.  I wish Don't even get me started about recruiters just kidding most of them are probably good When's the meetup? Uh, I don't know whenever you guys want.  I mean, we don't even have to do a real meetup I can just like tweet or something like hey anybody want to meet me at You know xyz or whatever.  I don't know.  I don't know how many people would show up if we have like a lot of people show up I don't know how to handle that But if we just have like a few people I wouldn't that'll be easier to handle How do you manage your family when you don't have a job for a year? I had savings I Like I I made a little bit of money at my internship.

 I made a little bit of money working at Amazon Um, and I saved all of that.  I'm very cheap So I saved all of that.  I had some student loans at the time as well, but yeah Just kind of living off of that money at the time I Come to India Yeah, that'd be fun, but I don't know Wonderful that we like I mean, I've been to India but I mean like doing a meetup in India that'd be fun I don't know if anybody would come But okay, what are we doing again? So we're going through okay? We need to take n and we need to get the sum of its digits Let's just write a function for that I'll just call it helper.  I don't care about names anymore and we're turning that We'll get while n is greater than zero What are we doing? What are we doing fellas result is gonna be zero We want the digits, so we're gonna add to result Uh, what are we adding? And modded by 10 we want the ones place don't we? And also we got to set n equal we have to divide it by 10 we have to shift it to the right And that's Some point we just return this I hope this is right.  I'm not gonna double check it, but okay, while true So something's gonna happen If n is equal to one just break out of the loop or And then What's happy again is number five starting We repeat it until that equals one or it Okay, if they if they end at one, they're happy therefore let's return true at the outside Otherwise here if we find that The number is already here If If okay the numbers already visited we visited the same guy twice return balls Otherwise add it to the map and we're just gonna add itself because it doesn't really matter Sheet and up and oh we got the colon Of course Okay, we messed that up too.  So here Huh, how would that happen? I'm not even so dumb I'm not changing n Hmm, and should always be the sum of the digits Okay, there we go Is it no Seven so I returned false, but it is a happy number What I Must not be understanding the problem correctly The sum of the square of its digits That's just embarrassing That's just embarrassing And Digi star digi oh god, what just happened Hmm Congratulations, what was that was that greedy? What what category was that problem I don't remember Does anybody remember what category that problem was was a bit manipulation? No, it was It's not backtracking.  It's not trees.  It's not it was greedy.  It's not intervals.  It's not that it's Like list.

 No Math yeah, that makes sense.  It's math Good memory you guys Good memory Let's get greedy.  Let's solve another one.  Okay.  I know this one can't be that bad As long as we don't run into some like random type issue.  Okay, we're at 32 now by the way I Yeah, I think for normal practice like if I was going through this Uh, like as a learner I would probably go through I would go through like the easy's at the same time As in like don't just do one easy problem and then go to the next category.  Try to at least do all of the easy's Just try to keep doing them until you run into like problems that are really really hard I would probably do most of these and then when I got to two pointers I probably do most of these maybe I'd skip the hard one or something I do most of these Because you learn them.  It's easier to learn as you're doing like similar problems I How did I land my first internship Um, I got very lucky.  I don't even know how I got the interview It's so like I don't know how this always happens to me in life like I apply to every position Every position I can and so for some reason I never get like reached out to at least I didn't when I was in college I got one response and it was from capital one and capital one's a really great company especially for you like your first job or internship and uh, it wasn't even it was for an internship and they didn't It wasn't a remote interview.  There was no phone screen.

 There was nothing like that it was Like they flew me out for an intern interview So I was super nervous and somehow I managed to pass Yeah You Oh You What you're eating, I'm eating some of these nuts, these nuts in particular, these onesaksemaki? haha GodKim Amazon was that bad ha Not really It was pretty bad, but part of it was just me.  Oh, peanuts, that's my salary.  Maybe turn on some music.  Yeah, but do you guys know any like good and free songs? I mean like Beethoven and like classical god damn.  Why do I have to keep seeing that? Why is it there? Can I just? There we go Man, I'm bushing the name Beethoven Beethoven is not copyrighted right? But I don't want to get screwed by this because what if it's like a cover or something? Lofi girl, that's not copyright right like please tell me it's not copyright Because it would be a damn shame if our stream got messed up just because of that Is it saying the description? I don't know man, it doesn't say And see yes, I hate that too.  I don't really like these ones.  I just like too electric Yes, it's better than nothing.  I don't know.  What do you guys think? Oh Wait, there's a license what? I don't know You Have a credit here I'm good.  You have to credit these guys too I don't really like this music It's all like electricie Wish we could have like non copyright jazz Yeah So basically LSD saved your life that's one way of looking at it you could also say it almost ruined my life What's your real name Hmm if you want my real name click this link that I'm about to comment and while you're at it like the post I full blue What the hell Yeah, but is it non copyrighted? I don't I don't think it is looks kind of copyrighted wait, I think I might remember this song Is it just the one that he just keeps saying he's blue? I'm pretty sure it's copyrighted Yeah, that's not Do you watch Indian movies not much anymore the last Indian movie I saw was when I was in India It was Patan It was fine It's a little cheesy, but And a little bit too much CGI At the end of the movie and like Yeah, it's just a very interesting movie Yeah, it's a very like Indian movie Very Indian Where were you in India and Delhi? Yeah, like these are I won't play the songs, but like these are like the Indian songs I like Like I remember this certified banger This certified banger Same big remember it Yeah, it's a certified banger all my Indian people are awake now, so we can just talk about Indian stuff Shit What about I mean, this is an old one Is this the right one There's so many versions of this song, but I'm thinking of this one.

 I love this song.  It's like one of my favorite songs Everybody from anybody know this song which we could play it Are you high right now? No, I'm not high.  Okay, I swear Yeah, this song goes hard if you haven't listened to it.  I would recommend listening to it so good And of course there's like this classic This is I mean you can't go wrong with this song.  I mean everybody's heard this song Every Indian person has heard this song Would you recommend magic mushrooms? I know, okay, that's my answer So So How which cow clicks at x raised to the power of n Isn't a recursive Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait wait wait wait two to the power of n.  That's not hard to do you can just use a loop can't you? I'm pretty sure the loop solution would pass as well How old are you I'm 25 You From leaco to drug advisor Jesus Yeah, this can be dividing conquer as unlike Yeah, I He All right, what am I thinking? No, obviously just divide and like instead of calculating to the power of to the power of 10 you calculate to the power of five and Then just multiply that by two Well, what about the rounding what if we have an odd number to the power of three whatever this to the power of three Well, that's not gonna be much more efficient regardless, but I don't know Yeah, let's just see can we get away with doing it in linear time? I bet we can I bet we can You Could be negative what you G Are you okay? Yeah.  I'm a little tired, but. . .  Bro, you are crazy.

 Take a break.  Yeah, I'm like, what kind of break? Like. . .  Jump game.  The person next to you, I'm going to be the next one for the line.  I'm sure you can reach the last one next to our false otherwise.  Take a gun, you break.  Take a whack break.  I hate Pete Code.

 Why am I watching this? Small good joint.  I don't do code forces.  I never used code forces.  Is it any good? Is this guy on Mary James? No.  Is data engineering good? I mean, I don't know much about it.  I mean, it's interesting, I think.  I like aspects of data engineering.  I'm not a data engineer, but I think it's interesting.  Is anyone spying on you today? No.  Oh.

 Bro, are you an AI? I wish.  Best wishes for you.  Thank you.  Tell me LSD didn't change your life.  I don't know, dude.  I don't know.  I don't know.  What's your age? 25.  You're slowly losing it.  No.

 I've been through a lot worse.  Oh my god.  Flying is so much worse.  I was actually dying after I flew to India.  Like, that's the only reason I don't want to go back to India.  I hate the flight, dude.  It takes forever.  And I don't sleep on flights.  So I'm just not going to sleep for like two days every time I go to India.  I'm going to do LSD again too.

 Good luck with that, my man.  Yeah, I don't know.  Like, I wish there was a non-stop flight, but there's just, there's not in my area.  I don't know.  I wish there was, dude.  I would pay extra for that.  Take LSD before the flight to India.  I don't think you know what you're talking about because LSD is not going to help you sleep.  It's going to do the opposite.  Jersey 2019 movie.

 What's so special about that movie? I don't understand.  What's it about? Is it an Indian movie or what? What is it? I don't know what it is an Indian movie.  What's it about? Interesting.  What about this movie? Have you guys heard of this movie? I never watched it, but it's really popular.  It was really popular in like China, I think.  Wasn't it Dungal, Dungal, Amir Khan? Can you elaborate on the spying? It's not logical.  It's just paranoia.  It's a pretty common symptom with psychosis as far as I know.  Yeah, you just get paranoid for no reason.  That's why you don't want to do drugs.

 It's not just LSD that can do that to you.  Any types of hard drugs if you abuse them is not going to help you.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah.  Yeah, I was, you took six tabs.  It was definitely the LSD.  Yeah, it was definitely the LSD that messed me up.  100%.  So yeah, like, if people are like, oh, are you paranoid right now? No, because it was the drugs.

 You think a normal person? Like, if I was still paranoid, I don't think I would have been able to live the life I've been doing for the last three years.  I mean, while the FBI is watching the stream, yeah, that's funny.  Why are you doing LSD? I'm not doing it anymore.  I did it a few years ago.  Why did you take six tabs? Because you can't overdose on LSD.  Nobody talks about like, oh, you shouldn't take too much.  Like nobody says that.  And yeah, sometimes you just learn the hard way.  Nobody told me not to take too much.  Yeah.

 That's just how it is.  Have you ever done crack or meth? No.  I've not.  Were you working at GCP? Yeah, I was working on Google Cloud.  Did you have a nervous breakdown mid-trip? No, not really.  It was just very slow and depressing.  And it's like, there's anxiety, but it wasn't like, up panic or anything.  Like, I don't have panic attacks or anything like that.  Microdosing is trendy now.  Yeah, I've read about that.

 I don't know.  People are going to do what they want to do.  No wonder Google Cloud is so good.  No panic yet you regret it so much.  Well, just like the long-term effects of it.  Like the paranoia.  Like, it's not just like the paranoia.  Like, I don't like the memory problems were also pretty big.  Like, just imagine like your attention span doesn't last for more than a few minutes.  Like, you can't even remember what you were doing more than like 10 minutes ago.

 Like, that's the worst part of it.  Like, that was the worst part of it for me.  Like, I legit could not remember anything.  Like, I could not talk.  I could not form coherent sentences.  So it's like, okay, if you have a problem, how are you even going to explain to somebody the problem that you have if you can't even talk to them? That's what it was like.  I'm proud of you for overcoming that dark stage of your life.  Thank you.  I appreciate that.  At least there's one nice person here.

 At least there's one.  Did you get laid after taking it though? Yeah, why don't you ask your mom? Why don't you ask her? Say something about India.  It's not much to say.  It's a very big country.  A lot of people.  And yeah.  Okay, we've been doing this for 14 hours.  That's actually like reassuring.  Only 10 more hours left.  Oh my God.

 I'm more tired than I was last time.  That shouldn't be possible.  And I feel like going to sleep.  Yeah, I remember last time I was doing push-ups.  Can we see your YouTube analytics? I guess, but I don't want to show the money.  I mean, I don't mind, but it's like, and everybody's just going to be weird about it.  I mean, it's not as much as you would think anyway.  Oh, what up? Show us the money.  You know what? I'll show you the money.  I'll show you the real money.

 I'll show you that you don't get into this.  You don't go into YouTube for the money.  I'll show you that.  I will show you that.  So here it is.  Look at this.  Which? So look at this.  I started the channel mid 2020.  I started it like August 2020.  And I'll maybe even make the custom.

 I started it like, or May 2020.  Yeah, May 28, 2020.  Right.  So for the first five months, like zero, right? Zero dollars.  Zero dollars.  And the first month.  And by the way, I was uploading like every single day.  I was uploading videos every single day.  First month, hundred bucks.  Second month, hundred and seventy.

 Third month, hundred and forty.  Next month, hundred and seventy.  So like, you don't do this for the money.  Like even when I was early into it, I was like, okay, the most I'm probably ever going to make is like a thousand a month if I'm lucky.  And then there I got to like 300 a month.  I got to 600 a month, 800 a thousand.  And then 1200.  And I think that's when I got into Google.  Show twenty twenty three.  Nah, we're not going to show that.

 Well, I'll tell you it's not as much as you think.  And I'll tell you like the views are a lot slower.  Like, yeah.  Like you, you know, if you're thinking like, oh, that's a lot of money, right? Like a thousand like it is like a thousand is a lot of money.  Uh, but like if I'm working at McDonald's flipping burgers minimum wage, right? Nothing wrong with doing that job.  But like if I'm doing that, I'm making probably like 2500 a month.  So, um, you know, like it's like I'm getting paid less than minimum wage.  And there's a risk for it as well.  Like you might make zero dollars.  So you should do it if you enjoy it or if you're really, really confident in yourself.

 I'll tell you how much I made like last month, it was like 5000.  So yeah, like 5000.  That's a lot of money, right? Obviously that's a lot of money.  It's a lot less than I was making at Google.  And you know, like, yeah.  So it is show demographics.  Yeah, I can show that.  There we go.  There's the demographic.  You can see the unique viewers in the last 28 days.

 The returning viewers, which one's unique? Okay.  Just staying.  Well, coderized, interesting.  Um, but look at that.  A lot of people not subscribed.  A lot of people not subscribed.  Are you one of them? Are you watching this? And are you not subscribed? Uh, geographies, United States, India, Canada, UK.  I didn't know.  Is Russia, I thought Russia was sanctioned.  Are people using VPNs? Are they allowed to use YouTube? I thought they weren't.

 Or maybe it's just payments are sanctioned, but they can use, they can access the internet.  Okay.  Yeah.  And yeah, take a look at that.  Like, you know, that's why I try to keep this as like an inclusive channel.  Okay.  Cause like, I think this is pretty, I mean, it's low.  Obviously 14%.  But like for YouTube, this is actually believe it or not pretty high.  For tech YouTube, like there are other tech YouTubers who have like less than 5%.

 I'm pretty sure Prima-Gen has less than 5%.  Does anybody know for sure? He's shared his analytics before I think.  And yeah, age is roughly what you would expect.  It's relatively young.  But decent amount of people like in this group as well.  Yeah, I'm aware of striver.  I know of him.  Oh, Primogen has 4% female, yeah.  And I don't think it's because, it's because Primogen people watch him for his personality and the type of people that are gonna be attracted to his personality are probably gonna be other guys because, you know, that's just the type of like jokes he makes and stuff and that's why I kinda like him, right? It's like you're hanging out, you and the boys.  Uh, that's kind of the vibe you get from Primogen streams and videos.

 Mine though is like nobody watches my channel for my personality.  Like, you know, I have a wonderful personality, right? Like, I'm a comedic genius, but nobody watches me for my personality.  Let's be honest, people watch me for the lead code videos.  And I don't make jokes in the lead code videos.  I don't have a personality in the lead code videos.  Uh, people watch just to understand like how to solve a lead code problem.  And whether you're a man or a woman, you still need to solve lead code problems to get a job.  So that's why I probably have higher female audience than Primogen.  Your personality is the algorithm, bro.  Is Malaysia there in terms of countries? Let's see.

 Singapore.  How do you feel about Singapore? I heard that Malaysia and like Singapore like rivals in a way, in like a good way, I don't know.  Malaysia is down there, yeah.  0. 4%.  There's even China.  Those guys are definitely using a VPN.  Do you use Vimeo? Yep.  What's your creation process like? Let me show you.  Let me show you.

 It's just painful.  Making a video is just painful.  Yeah, look at all these comments.  Oh my god, I don't want to read that.  Let's just go back to the lead code comments.  Ignore ignore.  Kim Kardashian.  I don't think I talked about Kim Kardashian in this video.  How the hell did this guy find the stream? I didn't know you could find it.  Jesus.

 Oh my god, so many comments.  Ignore ignore.  I'm just going to start cringing if I start reading this.  But yeah, let me show you.  Let's see.  Jesus.  Where the Google internal tools video.  Oh, it's something going to be good.  Is this is this it? No, that's not going to be it either.  But yeah, look at this.

 Look at this.  The system design video.  20 concepts for system design.  Look at the editing timeline for this.  Like you see it, right? It's hard to see, but like you see that, right? Look at that.  And I edit this thing myself.  Not smart, by the way.  Not the smartest thing you could ever do.  Look at that.  Look at that.

 Jesus.  I'm never doing that again.  Okay, I'm just not.  And then I was like, okay, you know what? Like the editing, the edits that I did in this, they're not complicated.  Like look at this for a second.  Let's just go to like the part.  Like look at this.  Server is getting.  But if our servers are located all around, that's not complicated.  A video editor should be able to do that.

 And I tried to find them.  And they all suck so bad.  So if you're watching this right now, in this video, I'll tell you, took me. . .  Honestly, at least 40 hours to edit.  Like just the video.  Took me at least 40 hours.  I would easily be willing to pay somebody like. .

.  Over a thousand, maybe 2,000, to edit the video.  Easily, if they were good.  I think I was learning some stuff during that editing.  But. . .  Yeah.  Bro, are you crazy? I guess.  A little bit.

 Boy, that's how you make something good.  I'd rather be crazy than be mediocre.  Or maybe I'm both.  That would suck.  Let's hope there'll be some funny comments in here.  I'll show you guys.  But damn, it's all about that one video.  Usually I get more comments.  What the? Oh, there's some here.  Oh.

 Oh.  I don't know.  What else you guys want to do? What else do you want to see in my analytics? You didn't poop, do you? I pooped before the stream.  If you must know.  I'm bored.  Yeah, welcome to the club.  Welcome to the club.  I'm just going to stand up.  Let's talk by the way.  I love you.

 Wish you the best.  Thank you.  I appreciate it.  Your live voice sounds so different from your video.  It might be because I'm tired, I think.  Room tour.  It's really messy.  I don't want to.  I mean, it's pretty much empty.  This is my desk and my desk is kind of dirty too.

 I'm not showing you my Chrome history, Burah.  I'm not showing you that thing.  That's a funny comment.  I mean, I read it, use a name.  I find that.  My Reddit user name is Nick code.  Oh, geez.  It's like everywhere I look.  I see my freaking face, dude.  Jesus.

 You woke up to this.  I'm sorry.  You had to wake up to this.  I'm very sorry about that.  Yeah, what do I post on this LinkedIn? Or not this LinkedIn.  This Reddit account.  I want to see the earliest posts.  Politics stuff.  This is like before I was pop.  Damn, what the hell was I posting these days? What's your favorite smell? I don't know.

 Lavender.  I actually like the smell of food.  French fries.  Do you like Barbie the movie? Yeah, the movie.  I thought it was fine.  It wasn't the best movie.  It wasn't the worst.  It was funny.  And yeah.  Do you get hate comments? Not a lot.

 I wouldn't mind if I did yet hate comments.  Barbie was mid.  Yeah, how about Oppenheimer? Oh my god, that movie was long as fuck.  I didn't even know until halfway through.  I'll be honest.  I was kind of high when I watched that movie.  But halfway through the movie, I was like, wait a minute.  Is that Matt Damon? I couldn't even tell it was Matt Damon.  Anyways.  I mean, I thought Oppenheimer was probably good.

 I just couldn't really follow it very well.  The parts that I understood were interesting.  Are you high right now? No.  You were drunk when you watched Oppenheimer.  Yeah.  It's just so, I don't know.  It's like it's hard to watch that movie in one sitting.  Maybe if you watch it in two sittings or something, TikTok attention span.  I don't even use TikTok bra.  I would have enjoyed Oppenheimer probably.

 I just need to be in the mood in the zone.  I like the historical aspects of it.  Why do you get high? It's a bad habit.  And you know what they say, old habits die hard.  And I'm going to be honest.  You know, maybe after starting from today, I'll never do it again.  That's the hope.  That's the hope.  How do you keep your mental health good? I don't know.  I don't know to be honest.

 How long have you been smoking for? Thankfully not since I was a kid.  I know a lot of people who've been doing it since they were literally like in middle school.  And thankfully, you know, that's kind of the good thing about not having friends.  Like I was like in middle school and high school.  I was just like sitting at home all day when everybody else was like outside, even my brothers.  So I didn't really get into a lot of the bad things that people were doing.  And I had like people in my neighborhood and friends and people I knew that they did really stupid things.  Some of them did like armed robbery and then had to go to jail for several years.  Some of them did even worse.  Like some of them actually like killed people and now they're in jail for the rest of their life.

 And they deserve it.  And I'm very happy.  I did not get caught up in that.  Damn, isn't this supposed to be a leak code stream? Like, what are we talking about? Man, like you don't even need to be like high or on drugs.  You just need to be tired.  And then you pretty much are high.  Like you're high on life from being so tired.  Like if one of you guys did leak code for 14 hours, how about you'd be talking about some weird stuff too? Are you a virgin? No, my man.  I'm not.  Are you happy now? Were you hoping you were going to be the one to take it from me? Who the F is asking blonde versus brunette? Yeah.

 Do you use the dark web? No, that's not how I got the drugs.  Okay.  And I would not like eat.  Don't do that because if you order drugs, if you buy drugs off the street, that's not good either.  It's also technically illegal.  But if you ship drugs, like you ship drugs with like UPS or USPS, you're probably getting a felony.  And you're going to definitely go to jail.  So don't be stupid.  Yeah, I mean dark web is amazing.  Yeah.

 It's, I don't think it's going to make your life any better though.  Yeah, it's a federal crime.  If they catch you, you're not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.

 I'm not going to have a good time.  I'm not going to have a good time.  Where did you grow up around all those bad characters? There's bad characters everywhere, dude.  In the United States of America, in the freest country on Earth, you can find anything in anybody.  How do you do whatever you do with quality and consistency? And these are Amazon's headphones, right? I'm pretty sure they are, actually.  That's the funny thing.  I got these headphones from Amazon.  I'm pretty sure.  Maybe I got it from a different company, but I'm like 90% sure.  They're from Amazon.

 Can anybody confirm any Amazonians in there who can confirm? Pretty sure I got this from Amazon.  If I offered you a hug, would you take it? Are you a girl or a guy just kidding? Yeah, I'd take it, I guess.  If you ever see me, you can offer me a hug.  If you ever see me in Seattle.  Except my LinkedIn request, it's going to be very hard to find it.  My man can confirm Amazon.  Okay.  That's funny as well.  I mean, I'm not going to throw away no free headphones.  I don't care if they came from Amazon or where.

 It's free, yo.  I'm not throwing that away.  Do you get more money from YouTube than Sui at Google? Not YouTube alone.  Maybe if you were doing sponsorships and things.  Let's do Elite code instead.  Yeah.  That's. . .  Amazon is really that hectic.

 I don't know.  I'm not trying to judge the whole company.  I was just giving my experience my opinion.  It is what it is.  You can take it however you want.  Are you an Apple fanboy? Not really.  I have an Android phone, but I kind of regret getting an Android phone.  I have a Pixel 6 and it kind of sucks.  I'm not going to lie.  It's very buggy.

 And at this point, I don't know why I didn't just get an iPhone.  I really don't.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  Better get a Samsung? I don't know.  Do you have a girlfriend now? Do you own a car? Yeah.  I school love story.  I don't think I've ever been in love.  I don't know.

 I only love this Elite code.  Shall we restart Elite code? Yeah.  I'm feeling a little. . .  If you don't have a girlfriend, how are you not a virgin? What do you mean? There's a concept of time.  There's a concept of time.  You know.  Like, I know there's some things that Elite code doesn't teach you, but like I feel like that's a question you can probably answer yourself.  I don't.

. .  I can't read anymore.  I know what this question is asking.  From the beginning, can we reach the end? Is it just a breadth for a search? From the beginning, can we find a way to reach the end? I know it's dynamic programming, but there's many ways to solve it, isn't there? Of course, like we're asking the question from here, can we reach the end? Or we could even go in reverse order.  So here we're at the goal.  Here can we reach the end? No.  Here can we reach the end? No.  Here can we reach the end? No.  Here can we reach the end? Also no.

 But that's not going to be efficient.  That's going to be like n squared.  Maybe that works.  But yeah, maybe that works.  Yeah, I've been drinking a lot of water.  I'm going to go on team blind really quick.  So I saw a post about me.  Okay, let's see it.  Let's see what people have to say.  Amazon caused mental health issue, Google cured it featuring NICode.

 Look at this guy.  He posted his total compensation too.  That's how you know he's a, he's an actual blind user.  He posted his total compensation on a completely unrelated post.  He has that chaotic energy, love to see it.  Seriously, his story was inspiring, but this guy definitely sounds a little mental, almost manic or manic.  What do you guys think? I'm a little mental.  I mean, I guess I am doing a 24 hour leak code stream, but I mean, I can understand the perspective, but I, you know, otherwise I don't have like mental health issues.  I don't have as far as I know, I don't have like bipolar or anything like that.  So you know, I mean, it is what it is.

 I'm not offended, but you know, looks like some attention seeker who will make a vlog even on a family member's death.  I don't know if that's accurate, considering like I pretty much never make attention seeking posts.  So probably just don't know me.  Well I can't the US government ban this concentration camp called Amazon.  Dude, this is like these people are calling me mental and these guys are like, these guys are like a little extreme.  These guys are a little extreme.  I think that's enough blind for one day.  We should do the most efficient solution.  Why you look so rad? Damn, do I? Take a shower.  It hasn't even been 24 hours.

 I shower like right before I started the stream.  Eat something.  I've eaten a decent amount of food today.  Dude, yeah, there's a lot of these.  Okay, let's do this one.  This one is not going to be hard because we're just going to call the same treatment tree function for every single node in this tree.  And I can literally just copy that same tree from the other function.  I'm just going to call this.  I don't know, T1.  T2.

 And yeah, so same thing we did before.  T1 is equal to nL and T2 is equal to nL.  Return true F T1 is equal to nL or T2 is equal to nL or T1. Val is not equal to T2. Val.  It's null.  I don't think the rest of these will execute and it'll just immediately return false.  That's why I think I have to put these first.  But if these are not true, then I will execute this.  But other than that, I guess if then we have to return is same tree for T1.

Val. connect f WH Do I need another helper function or can I just get away with doing it here? I think I can just get away with doing it here.  I think I can just say if. . .  For every node in root, if they're the same tree, right? If root and subroot are the same tree, okay, but we can't compare like null subtrees.  Right, so. . .  I kind of have to have both of this here.

 Like, if they're both null, like actually I have to return false.  What looks that? If there was an all, I have to return false.  Honestly, if either of them are null, I should return false.  I mean, the subroot is never going to be null, is it? Yes, I mean, the subroot itself is never going to be null.  And it's not T1, it's actually root.  Otherwise, we check, is it the same tree? It's a tree.  It is a same tree, return true.  If it's not the same tree, we got to try it on the left and right subtrees.  So, return is a sub tree on the left.  La frutalla subroot or is sub tree.

 And these are capital, subroot.  So, I spelled it wrong.  Oh.  Let's give it a submet.  Nice.  Who's Elijah? Interesting.  Yeah, what is going on in chat? Somebody like talking to himself or is there an actual conversation going on? Anyway, that's number 32 or number 33.  Nice.  Subtree of another tree.  That's 33.

 Let's do heap.  I would just, this, this, like, just go have a built in heap.  I hope those go, Lang have a heap data structure.  And even if it's not built in, does leak code provide a heap data structure? Kind of does.  If it does, I can pretty much do most of these pretty easily.  Should probably close some of these.  I could do this one too with a heap.  Every pretty easy.  Now, I just got to figure out how the syntax for the heap works.  This is what Chatchypt gave me with the heck happened to Chatchypt, what the, it's blank.

 Is it? Okay, so these imports, import a heap type in heap.  So you have to define these.  Let your own heap, yeah, but like every, like, I just want to be able to use one.  Like, that's like, if I'm having a heap is like solving its own leak code problem.  How is this like a heap if we have to implement everything? There's no defaults.  No way, man.  Well, scrap that.  Well, let's see how somebody else did it.  It seems like in Go people are literally just implementing their own heaps.  And I respect that, but like, Oh, this guy has literally the same thing that I just copy and paste it.

 I don't think it's cheating to like take the heap code.  I definitely don't think it's cheating to take the heap code.  I'm not going to let anybody convince me otherwise.  Like, is that a consensus? Because I can do like 10 more problems easily if we got that man heap.  Yeah, I just got to see how we're using this.  So we have a heap, he dot in net.  This is the type we push to the heap.  We assume we pop from the heap as well.  I don't understand why do we even define push here? Are we calling that push? I thought this is just a method.  Oh.

 Is this like goes way of doing object oriented programming? Does this function actually belong to some if it belongs to this type? Which we declared up here? I mean, how is that like readable? How is that better? Why not just define the type and then like in some curly braces you put the functions in there? Like, what is, is anybody like this? I just don't really understand the benefit.  Oh, yeah, that's actually what we're doing right now because this is supposed to be a class.  Like if we go to the Python, this is going to be a class with a constructor and an ad.  All right.  What do I put in here though? I thought we just put types.  I guess we put the variable of member variables.  Okay.  What's the problem asking for again? Case largest element in a stream.  Case largest now that is the case that is in the sorted order.  Not the case distinct element.

 Okay.  And we're implementing this case largest initializes the object with the integer K and the stream of norms.  Yeah, but when do we, oh, adding is returning.  Every time we add a value, we then also return the case largest element.  So do we just have two heaps? Case largest.  I don't even know anymore.  What's the constructor for? I guess it's going to initialize the variables that we put here.  Good night guys.  I'm going to sleep.  Good night.

 This game sucks play something else.  Yeah.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  Take a short nap.  What is line 45? Yeah.  No.

 Okay.  And keep.  I don't even know how to declare that.  Keep.  We want it to be a min.  Wait.  So we want the case largest.  Okay.  Okay.  And see.

 I don't know if we need the address operator or not.  Thank you, paneling.  Wait, what? Some massive opportunity costs.  What? What? So, initializes the heap, appends the value to the stream, and returns the element representing the kth largest element in the stream.  So, yeah, let's say we have k elements in our stream.  The kth largest is the minimum.  So, we do want the minimum.  Right? Yeah.  Okay.  So, am I able to.

. .  Am I even declaring this correctly? I mean, there should be a one up here, right? Somewhere? No.  Well.  How do you do a struct? I just want to know how do you do a struct in. . .  Type struct the name, and then the. . .

 Okay.  So, here it should actually be star, probably size.  Okay.  Size is going to be equal to k, and we're probably going to need this.  And. . .  Men heap, is there a heap of five or what? I don't know.  Can I just say. .

.  Men heap. . .  I mean, if I can't heap, if I can just push each one.  Can I just say men heap dot? Can I just go through every number here for underscore n and. . .  Noms, range, noms, and then just do men heap dot.  Push, was it a capital? So, that will initialize the heap.

 Okay.  That will initialize the heap, but we don't want the size to be greater than k.  So, we always want to pop the minimum push.  And if length of men heap greater than k, or greater than size, doesn't really matter, then men heap dot pop, my think.  Right.  Oh no, those belong. . .  These methods belong to heap.  So, if I'm pushing.

. .  I have to pass. . .  It's kind of like Python, I guess.  Men heap.  This belongs to heap.  This also belongs to heap.  This is men heap.

 There is some init method for heapify.  There probably is, but. . .  Just leave it as is.  I'm getting the kth largest.  I mean, if our heap is always of size k, and we have a men heap, we want the kth smallest.  I mean, they call it the kth largest, but yeah, we want the smallest from our heap.  So, we can just do heap dot push to the men heap, the value that we're adding, this kth largest, okay.  We can push the value, and we can return heap dot pop from the men heap.

 I don't know.  I love these streams.  I don't know.  Peak.  Do we have that? No.  Do we? Do I want to return? Okay, now, if we add a value, then we have k plus one values.  If we want to return the kth largest, that would be pop and then.  Yeah, we need to peak.  We need to return.  I don't know.

 Can I just do men heap at index zero? Is it implemented as an array? Is it not? Oh, I don't need a main.  I have the main up here somewhere.  Shoot.  I have main.  And I don't need that.  Oh, shoot.  There is a men heap in net.  Okay, let's just use that, I guess.  Actually, I think this is fine because we do need to make sure the heap doesn't get larger.  And we're going to have to pop from it anyway.

 Men heap is undefined.  That makes sense because it hasn't been initialized.  But how do we initialize it then? Do I just initialize it to like an array? It looks like that's what they did in the example code here.  It's just declared as that.  Okay, so I don't think we need this main anymore.  I'll comment it and just initialize this.  Invalid argument.  That's going to be really rough.  How is it undefined? Wait, it's undefined on these three lines.  Men heap is undefined.

 Is it not accessible? Okay, what was the first error? Invalid argument.  Okay, so we need to get the length of it.  How do we do that? I don't think there was a built-in method for that.  Wait, what's this? Looks like they're taking the length of it.  So what am I doing differently? You never defined its fields.  What fields? For the class or the object or whatever the heck it's called and go.  I'm just going to see what syntax these folks used.  Yeah, it looks like they're doing it the same way as me.  I mean, it would like capital.  But yeah, so they're doing that the exact same as me.

 Oh, you should return a case largest struct.  Okay, is that what they're also doing? Oh.  Okay.  Uh, return.  Do I need to add the address of? I don't know.  Kth.  Largest.  Can I do it like this? Passing in the men heave and passing in the size.  In that case, I don't really need this initializer.  I can just pass in K.

 I hope I can do it this way.  I mean, this guy's doing it differently.  Interesting.  Pass the 215 in brackets.  Yeah, but I don't want a hard code at do I? I mean, I think I could pass in the values.  But I go, are you telling me to literally pass in to 1, 2, and 5? Because that doesn't really make sense.  Looks like he initialized it similarly.  Um.  But how do I get the length? I don't know.  My brain is way too fried.

 Yeah, it makes sense that, yeah, we initialize those values, but I don't need to initialize this with any values, do I? You're going back to the course.  Good luck.  Thanks.  But why? Why do I have to pass in to 1 and 5, though, in particular? I don't think I do.  Like, aren't I corrupting the values, then? You don't have to do those values, yeah, but what do I have to do? What do I have to do? They map to the fields of the struct.  Yeah, I understand that, so I feel like I'm doing this correctly.  I don't know.  Maybe I have to call a net.  Even if it's an empty heap, I don't know, is that.  Keep in it.

 Because I feel like I should be able to.  I'm just going to ask chat GPT to be honest.  Let's just chat GPT it.  Because there's 100% of way to get the length.  That's kind of my biggest problem at this point.  Pretty sure the rest of this code is right.  How do I get the length of this array? Yeah, you have to call a net for that object.  Okay, all I need to do is dereference it.  That makes sense, but I feel like there were other times where we didn't have to dereference that had just happened implicitly.  Undefined size, undefined men heap.

 Okay.  Okay, that's funny.  Greater than K.  Okay, but yeah.  So now why are these, why is men heap not accessible here? So I clearly don't understand like how object-oriented programming works or whatever you call this and go, I clearly don't understand it.  And so now that's the only issue here that's that this is not defined.  Okay, I guess we just need the this keyword.  That's it.  Like, okay.  Can I index the type? Jesus.

 Okay.  So is there a peak? Is there a peak? Okay.  Okay.  Yeah, I lost my mind a few times today.  How do we get the minimum from the heap then? We could write one really.  That's what we got to do.  Okay.  Are you de-reference? Really? We can just de-reference.  That's it.  Oh wow.

 So we had a pointer to a slice.  Okay.  Oh, int.  This thing is already in array.  And the fact that could we have declared this without the star? Would that have changed things? I don't know.  What? Run timer? Index out of range.  Okay.  It's maybe because it's not necessarily going to be large.  It should never.  Oh, maybe we should only pop if the length of the men heave.

 Is this I did it last time, right? I don't need the double.  That's to get the men heave is greater than k.  Then we pop only then what we can return the minimum the case largest without popping.  But I don't really get that.  How would we ever add a value without popping? Because if we don't even have k values, how do we return the case largest? Like is that an edge case? I don't know.  And we've failed the first test case.  What is that? I guess let's use this test case.  Let's see where you get in there.  Hmm.  This dot size.

 Okay.  There you go.  That was way too hard for an easy problem.  Why is it so disliked though? I mean, it wouldn't be that hard in like a normal language with it.  I don't know.  Maybe it's not worded.  Well, I do feel like that last thing didn't really make a lot of sense, but whatever.  I think I'm going to take a bathroom break.  How many are we at 34? Jesus.  I love your channel.

 Appreciate it.  How do you make this graph? I used a library called ngxgraph.  You have to customize.  Well, I wanted to customize the nodes.  So you can do that with SVGs.  And yeah.  But I think in some ways it's overkill because nobody really wants to drag the nodes around.  Maybe you'll drag this, but most likely you're just zoom in.  Go like this, I guess.  But yeah.

 There are better libraries than this, by the way.  I only use this library because I'm using Angular.  And this is the best I could find.  Yeah, we're already 15 hours done.  I'm getting to the point where now I just don't really feel anything.  So, I don't really feel tired anymore, to be honest.  At least not sleepy tired.  How old are you 25? I got to sleep.  Your brain is not braining.  Yeah, but that's okay.

 Hey, Brian, thank you for a neat code supporter.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you.  Thank you.  I would talk louder, but I don't think I have the energy for that anymore.  How is your dating life like recently? I don't like not really much.  In the past, it was more.  I don't know.  I don't have the words to put it together a sentence anymore.  What age did you get into big tech? I guess like two years ago.

 I guess three years ago if you count Amazon.  It's dry lately.  Want me? So, hired at 22, I guess.  So, yeah.  Shout out, please.  There's your shout out, man.  What are you trying to do after Google? I have no idea.  I don't really just enjoy life, work hard, make money.  It's pretty much that.  I can do that in a lot of different ways.

 I'll probably do a startup eventually, I think.  I don't know if I'll bound the startup, but I'd like to join like an early stage startup.  You go to the gym, yeah, I go to the gym.  Alright, I'll be right back.  You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You You I'm curious what continent you guys are from.  It's like 130 where I'm at.  See where are you right now.  Damn, somebody's in Seattle.  B Beside of Seattle.  Damn.

 Surprised.  Guys are awake right now.  Hmm.  How many hours will you sleep after this? Probably like 10 hours.  Because like the more you sleep, it doesn't actually help.  Like eight, eight hours is like optimal usually.  I'll probably need like a couple extra hours, but like if I sleep more than 10 hours, it's not going to help.  Like, yeah, I could probably sleep more than 10 hours, but it wouldn't help.  So I'm not going to do that.  And honestly, after I'm done streaming, it's going to be like 10 AM my time.

 I'm probably not going to go to sleep at that point.  I'm probably going to wait until like nighttime for me.  So I'll probably be up for like 36 hours before I go to sleep.  It is what it is.  I'm worried about your mental health.  I don't think you have to worry.  Like, talk to a little bit about it in the video, but like I feel very like, I mean, I've always been.  Pretty like I'm the type of person.  I don't really get too high and I don't really get too low like emotionally.  I know I talked about like the Amazon story that like I said in the video, like that was a very unique experience for me.

 Usually I don't have those types of experiences.  I don't really get too high or too low.  So yeah, I'm pretty stable most of the time.  Yeah.  It seems like you know, people are going to people are going to watch the video I made today.  They're going to you know, draw some conclusions and they're fine too.  Like everybody has the right to be wrong.  So people can people can make their assumptions about me and you know, they're going to many of them are going to be wrong and it's not really going to affect me.  Like my life isn't really going to change.  What conclusion? Well, I guess like from the blind thing that we were looking at, I guess like people might assume that I have like certain mental health issues or like, you know, like bipolar or something like that.

 It is what it is.  Like it doesn't really hurt me if they believe that.  I mean, if people like start lying about me and like making stuff up and saying like, oh, he actually has this disorder or whatever.  That might that's not going to be great, but I don't think people are going to do that.  And like, you know, anybody who knows me can judge for themselves.  Pretty, I don't know how I'm pretty normal.  99% of the time.  Did you sleep during the stream? No, I did not sleep yet.  If you were to get a job right now, how many months would it take for you? Depends of Google would hire me because Google said I could come back within a year.  And I did have a recruiter reach out a few months ago.

 So if I really wanted to, I might be able to get into Google, but I don't want to.  And other companies, it depends if I would get interviews.  I'm pretty sure I can pass most interviews.  But I don't know if I would get interviews, even though I have Google on my resume.  So it looks like most people are from Asia right now.  That makes sense.  I would not expect people in America to be awake.  I wonder which country in Asia, probably India, but I wonder what other countries.  It's your longest streak of no coding, probably a few months.  Back of Stan.

 Yeah, I would think probably that area, Singapore.  And USA does college tag matter to get a job.  I would say it does.  It 100% matters, but it's not like the only thing.  Okay, we're going to need the code from that one.  Okay, it's the largest way.  What is this? Should we go? All right, let's get this yonk.  Are we going to need it? Probably.  It's a heat problem.  Why are we not coding? Because I'm dying.

 That's why.  What is your workout routine like? Are you asking like which exercises I do? I do pretty much the average stuff.  Like on Chess Day, I do dumbbell bench press.  I do shoulder press.  I do fly dumbbell flies or whatever it's called.  Yeah.  Back day, I do lat pull, like rose shrugs curls.  And this other exercise or you like, I forgot what it's called, but it's like on one of the machines.  And then leg day, what's your bench? Not very high.  I think like the most I can probably do is like 60s with dumbbells.

 Squats are gold.  Yeah.  I don't know about dead lifts though.  I feel like dead lifts aren't great for your back.  Like people always say like you just need good form.  But even then, like, I don't know, like your back is like the most fragile part of your body.  Or one of the most fragile parts.  I don't know if like dead lifts are great for that.  I think there's better ways to build like core strength and back strength than dead lifts.  What's this problem? You're given an array of energy stones where the stone is the weight of the stone.

 We're playing a game with the stones.  When each time we take the two heaviest stones and smash them together, suppose the two heaviest stones have the result of the smash is, if they're both equal, they're destroyed.  The small one is destroyed.  And the new weight is that, okay, at the end of the game, there's that most one stone left.  Okay.  Can I do heap dot? Is it is it capital in that? I don't remember.  Yeah, it's capital in that.  I guess they're all caps.  Well, first I got to declare it, right? I got to declare.  Oh, no.

 I want to do a max heap.  Is the only thing I have to change the order of this? I think so.  Before it was a min heap and now I'm doing a max heap, might as well change the comment, I guess.  Min heap and net.  Max heap.  I was off and eat.  And yet, it's empty.  Okay.  And then a niche.  In here, can I pass in stones? I really wish I could.

 Can I do that? Or when we a net, can we pass in an array of values? Max heap.  Time out.  Yeah.  How many questions we should solve? Okay.  I'm going to give you a serious answer.  You asked me how many questions we should solve in leak code to get into Google.  Now, think about this for a second.  Like, do you think somebody, like just think about the question you're asking? I think there's a right answer for that.  There's some, you could solve a thousand questions.  And there are some things you're never going to learn.

 So I would focus on just kind of understanding the basics.  Basics as in like.  Your question is just the wrong question.  Unfortunately, imagine once you get into Google, and you have to learn GoLang, right? Your team uses GoLang and you're asking your teammates how many, how many hours should I spend to learn GoLang before I'm ready to work on the service? They're going to tell you to go F yourself.  Like, don't ask me no stupid question like that.  Like, you should be responsible for like knowing, like judging your own skills.  There's no benchmark like that.  I don't know if this is going to work.  I can just push all of them if I really need to, but okay.  While or four.

 And by the way, we're returning by the time we return.  This is going to be. . .  Why am I, I've already forgot what did we do last time? Okay, yeah, we did the exact same thing.  Okay.  For length of star max, he is greater than zero.  Or greater than one.  Okay, while that's the case, we're going to say heave. pop from the men heave.

 And we're going to pop twice.  Let's call it Y, I guess.  And then let's get X.  You solved today's daily challenge.  I did not.  I did not even see it.  Okay, thank you so much to the people who just became supporters.  Thank you, Dan.  And thank you, Siraj.  Thank you, thank you.

 What do we do with this? Okay, if they're equal, we just continue.  But how about if they're not equal? Y is not equal to X.  I don't need these.  If Y is not equal to X, then we popped Y first.  This is a max heap, what am I doing? This is a max heap.  Y is going to be greater.  So we should just then say heap. push to the max heap.  Y minus X.  Cool, cool.

 I keep like my attention span is just dying.  Like I keep forgetting what I'm even doing.  So we're looking at this.  I think that's pretty much it.  Assuming I'm doing this correctly, and I'm pretty sure I'm not.  I don't.  Pre-shared this is messed up.  Okay, what do I do then? Maybe I can just go through every value in the input, whoops, or underscore, and it, then, where's the ones, and then do, heep. push, accept, and, go, go.  What? Wait, it's, how is it type any? If we're popping from the heap, shouldn't it be an integer? What? That does not make any sense.

 That makes no sense, bro.  I don't know.  Uh, any.  Should I cast them to integers maybe? I mean, that's worth a shot, I guess.  It's definitely an integer.  I'm not pushing anything else to the heap.  What? Oh my god.  Like, I don't know.  I have to chat GPT at.  We convert after popping.

 I mean, I can try that, but.  I don't know.  I don't think, like, this isn't even how you convert in go-lang as far as I know.  It's not how it works.  Okay, this is the dumbest thing I ever seen in my life.  This is actually the dumbest thing.  I'm assuming chat GPT is right.  Look.  Look what it says to do here.  We have to put dot int.

 Can you believe that? Am I looking at that right? Yeah, dot int and then put parentheses.  What? Like what? Like, I've never seen that before.  What's wrong with like putting the int in front? Like, is this actually it? I almost don't want it to work.  I kind of wish it didn't work.  I don't want to believe, like, this is the world we live in.  I don't want to believe it.  This is the world we live in.  This is it.  What kind of sick world is this? And of course we get an error anyway.  Index out of range.

 Oh, it's actually possible that we have, if there are no stones remaining, we return zero.  Okay, that actually makes sense if length of max heap is equal to zero, return zero.  Okay.  We're in like, you know, we're losing zero.  If all we ever get is get rock on 5th 10th 15th, then both of that keeping going is All right.  You know what? These heat problems ain't so bad once you get used to it.  Hey, there's my remote.  There's my custom remote.  Can I do it? Oh, I can.  Hey.

 Didn't really work for me.  What the heck? Why is mine so weird? Yeah, that. . . something is bugged.  What the heck? Maybe I can just copy and paste his.  Oh, that's not going to work either.  Do you play any online games? Not much anymore.  Are there any good ones you'd recommend? You sound like you're high.  I'm just kind of tired.

 And it's like nighttime.  So I don't want to be like yelling.  My window's open.  I don't want to rage too hard.  Valorant.  I've played Valorant for a little bit.  It's not bad.  All right, let's just get our heap.  I should have done this a while ago.  Like, I'm sorry, but I don't think it's cheating to use this.

 It's just not cheating to use the built-in data structure.  I am not implementing this from scratch.  Like, I'm already learning GoLang.  And it's already bad enough.  Like, come on now.  This is rough.  Okay, do we need a min heap or a max heap? This is a min heap.  We want the K closest points to the origin.  Are you liking the new leak code layout? Not really.  I don't really use it.

 It's fine, but I'm not a fan of it.  Almost 16 hours.  Oh, I forgot to update the count.  35.  Yeah, I haven't slapped for my eating like peanuts.  I think it's like 8 hours.  6 hours left.  I think it's like 8 hours.  I think it's like 8 hours.  Why GoLang? Oh, by the way, thank you for becoming a supporter.

 I don't know if I already thanked you.  Things are starting to blur together.  Why GoLang? It was a regrettable choice.  I'm not going to lie.  I thought GoLang was going to be easy.  And for leak code, it's definitely not.  Okay, close this points to the origin.  Okay, there's going to need to be a 2D array.  An array of arrays.  Right? Like we're turning the coordinates.

 Yep.  Okay.  This is already a 2D array.  And no, I don't really speak Hindi.  Are you on Adiroll? No.  I promise.  I promise you.  I didn't even take caffeine for this because I don't think it's smart to take caffeine for a 24-hour stream.  Because even if it helps you, like, after like four hours, you're going to crash.  And it's like this stream is not a race.

 It's a marathon.  I need to last for 24 hours.  I don't think caffeine would help.  I don't think Adiroll would help.  I would need to be taking it the entire stream.  And I don't want to have like a heart attack.  So I did not do that.  I did not drink.  I did not smoke.  I did not take LSD.

 I did not take anything.  Just take more Adiroll after four hours.  Yeah.  I don't know about that.  Did you not sleep? Nope.  I mean, like, for what it's worth, like, yeah, this is a 24-hour stream.  It's rough.  But it's not that bad.  Like, there's people who go through way worse.  Like, like, I know at some point this stream is going to end.

 I have like, I have like food, water, shelter.  And I'm going to be able to sleep as long as I want to.  There are people who, you know, they work rough jobs.  And there is no light at the end of the tunnel for them.  So like, I have it easy.  This is, I'm doing this on my own free will.  Some people don't get to make that choice.  Some people aren't that lucky in life.  So don't be, don't feel bad for me.  Is that your real voice? Yeah, pretty much.

 What are we doing again? I need a heap, right? I need a men heap address.  And heap empty or.  I need the index.  I need the point in points and range points.  Do you ever learn or understand from documentation? Yeah.  I write, make ends meet without a job.  I mean, I have like my platform, I have my YouTube channel and all that stuff.  Okay, we're just going through every point.  If I'm doing this, I might have to change these because I need to make, I need it to, the heap needs to sort based on the distance.  But I'm used to like Python where we can just take like two bowls and add them.

 This is so rough.  No, top K frequent elements.  Is what you're doing financially sustainable for now it is.  I'm always nervous, you know, nothing lasts forever.  And that's fine with me.  I'll get a job.  eventually.  You're watching my stream during your job.  A more tree question.  There's the lowest common ancestor of a binary search tree.

 That's not too bad.  I mean, some of these we can do with DFS can't we? Do you really think this is all worth it? Were you ever approached by platforms like Algbukesport? No.  It is what it is.  Don't really care.  Someone's single aloolebi.  We really should have had more people in the stream.  Like if somebody called me on discord right now or something, that'd probably make it more entertaining.  It might make things better.  But not so.  Feels weird to sleep and come back and you're still here.

 Is Chi Chi online? Probably not.  Did he want to come on? Maybe I missed his chat message, but he just said like high and stuff like that.  If he asked to come on, I honestly did not see it.  I would have had him on.  I have 100% would have had him on.  If you know that, you must have been in the stream a lot earlier.  I'm wondering which one of you people have actually been watching for a lot of the stream.  Like what's wrong with y'all? I don't need sleep.  You need sleep.  Approximately seven hours.

 God damn, bro.  What's you doing? Can you talk about your work at Google? I did talk a little bit about it.  I worked on.  I worked on Cloud Dataflow.  During Arizona and going to bed, good night.  Good night, dog.  It's pretty late in Arizona, I think.  Definitely get some sleep.  You guys are like, you guys are weak.  Go to sleep.

 You need your rest.  Everybody's out here.  Everybody wants to get into fang.  Everybody wants to make a lot of money.  But when it comes to streaming or working too long, it's like, whoa, no.  That's going to hurt my mental health.  Oh no.  Come on.  What if you knew you're trying to get a job at Google or whatever, right? And you know on the other side of it, there's some crazy dude like me who's just going to be non-stop.  Would you still want to get a job at Google? I'm not saying that's the only way to do it.

 To be honest, what I'm doing is not healthy.  And you don't need to do this to get good or to get into big companies or whatever.  Most people don't.  Most people have healthy habits.  But I'm just saying.  Are you feeling tired? Yeah.  I mean, we learned a lot about go-lang though.  We learned how it doesn't have any built-in libraries.  But we learned the syntax.  I'm pretty comfortable with a lot of the syntax now.

 Just typing it out.  So, you know, was it the smartest way to learn go-lang? No.  But we did learn a decent amount of the syntax and it sucks.  Okay.  The syntax sucks.  Okay.  Longest common, lowest common ancestor of a binary search tree.  According to this, lowest commoners find by P and Q as a lowest out in T that has both these as ancestors.  Where we allow a node to be a descendant of itself.  Okay.

 So the lowest.  So pretty much wherever the split happens, assuming P and Q are different.  Yeah.  P and Q are different.  So wherever the split happens, do we need a helper? I don't think we need a helper.  We have.  Wait, what is this? Is this go? Oh, so this is a shorthand.  Right.  Like all three of these are the same type.  And that's why we can do the shorthand.

 I assume.  I mean, that's kind of weird.  Jesus.  Like sometimes you have to be really explicit and go.  And sometimes you can just do some weird shorthand like this.  I feel like it's.  It's not consistent.  I don't know.  Maybe I'm just dumb.  Maybe I've been smoking too much weed, but it doesn't feel consistent to me.

 What are we doing? Lowest common ancestor is this is a binary search tree.  So yeah, it's sorted.  If root is equal to P because a node can be an ancestor of itself or root is equal to Q.  Return root.  And what else? Okay, otherwise.  Okay, if P dot val is greater than capital V, or root dot val.  And Q dot val is greater than root dot val.  Then we go right.  Return lowest common ancestor root dot right.  He Q else if the opposite.

 I'm just going to change these signs.  The direction.  If that.  Return from the left.  Last.  I think we return root, right? I hope.  Even big box.  We is here.  Is he awake right now? My man's what are you doing? What time zone are you in? How are you still awake? It's like two o'clock where I'm at.  God damn.

 Oh shit, it worked.  Oh, you're in Australia.  Are you from Australia? Am I? I swear I watched your videos and I don't think you had an Australian accent.  Maybe your on vacation.  Big box.  Sweet.  Let's watch some of his certified classics.  Because I'm kind of tired.  Wait, you have a Yankee accent, but you're from Australia.  Interesting.

 Yeah, let's watch some of his certified classics.  But let me update the count.  I'll click before I forget.  36.  All right.  Build projects.  Then lead code.  But if you have experience, just grind lead code and system design, you can.  Sorry, I got to restart that volume to low.  Build projects.

 Then lead code.  But if you have experience, just grind lead code and system design, you can end the video right now.  Breaking into software is rough.  Applying to jobs can feel like screaming into a void.  But fundamentally, if you have no experience, projects and open source contributions are the closest thing to shipping real software.  Projects help fill your resume with relevant content and teach you a depth of knowledge.  Remember, your projects don't have to be original.  They can be a clone of a popular website or game.  I recommend having at least three unit tested projects that anyone can access.  Maybe a web app on AWS or Vercell or a mobile app on the Android App Store.

 Anywhere someone can see and use your project.  Grinding lead code really is in a project.  And you can always incorporate algorithms into your projects.  But you can't do it the other way around.  In many countries, they don't actually ask lead code style questions and could ask you to do a take home assignment or ask you questions regarding a framework or technology.  In which case, projects are a clear win.  That being said, lead code is important.  There's a reason all the top companies use it to filter candidates.  And that's because it tests one of the core components of computer science, algorithms and data structures.  My personal roadmap was to learn Python for its easy syntax.

 Then learn algorithms and data structures.  There are so many awesome free resources online.  Grinding lead code efficiently is also a well-documented journey.  I highly recommend checking out Meet Code 150 and Blind 75.  Projects or work experience get you to the door.  But fundamentally in many cases, lead code gets you through the door.  Thank you for your time.  I am Big Box.  I definitely didn't watch that video because I knew he shouted me out.  Okay, I definitely didn't do that.

 Let's watch a couple more.  Hack your brain.  If I could change just one thing about the time I spent learning to code, it wouldn't be the tutorial I chose or the language I started off with.  It would 110% be these mindset changes.  So I'm just going to get straight into them.  Okay, I got to watch all your videos where you shouted me out then.  We got to find all of them.  The first one is focus on practice, not theory.  When I first started, I stumbled across a blog post.  I forgot to wear the video.

 Sorry.  I mean, this isn't even my real account.  But you know what? I'll do it.  Build project.  There you go.  You got to like.  Hey, you know what I like my own comment too.  Is that considered budding? Is that illegal? I read something like the 10,000 hour rule to mastery.  It's said that if you spend 10,000 hours doing something, you'll eventually become a master at it.  In my head, I understood that as let me go read a bunch of books and watch a bunch of tutorials on programming for 10,000 hours.

 And the quicker I can do that, the better programmer will become.  My philosophy now is a lot more different.  And it's more the 10,000 lines of code approach.  So how quickly can I get to 10,000 lines of code where every thousandth line is better than the last one? Coding or programming is a craft.  And you get better at it by being inefficient, slow, and bad.  It's a lot more like woodworking, playing an instrument, drawing than it is like law or history or finance or anything that's very information dense.  Finally, this point or this mindset is really helpful in making you avoid tutorial help.  And if this video reaches, say 10 likes, I'll make a step-by-step guide on how to get. . .

 10 likes.  I think you hit that.  So we're going to need to watch the step-by-step guide too.  Okay, you owe us that.  I got a tutorial help.  All right, point number two is ego is the enemy.  So when I was just getting started, I didn't want to do the plain HTML CSS recipe websites that tutorials get you to make.  I want to do the cool stuff.  I wanted to make my Facebook clone or a Reddit clone.  I wanted to be nitty gritty and algorithms and rest APIs.

 This was my ego speaking.  Had I swallowed my pride and not thought that doing these basic things were beneath me, I would have become a much better engineer in a lot less the time.  All right, so point number three, get comfortable with being uncomfortable.  In software engineering, you're an information manager.  So it isn't your job to know everything.  And as a professional developer, you'll never know.  everything.  However, given that the problem is within your domain, so say you're a back end engineer and it's a back end problem, you're expected to be able to go and solve it, and that's a really uncomfortable feeling.  And it's never really going to go away.  I mean, tools will be there, you can read up as much as you want outside of work, but there's so much in this field that you just have to be okay with feeling uncomfortable.

 And you have to sort of learn to enjoy it.  You have to see it as a part of the job that you actually enjoyed like, okay, cool.  I'm not uncomfortable.  I'm actually going to learn something now.  I'm going to go beyond what I knew before I picked up this piece of work.  And that's the beauty of this field.  So the final point is you will never master programming.  I see these kind of posts on Reddit all the time.  How quickly can I master X language or is it better if I master HTML before CSS? And this misses the point of programming for beginners.  You aren't meant to master languages in the beginning.

 You're meant to go and build things with them and iterate on it.  You don't master programming concepts.  You understand them vaguely when you watch tutorial or read something off a book.  You go and apply them numerous times in a project and then you continuously improve on that.  This really goes back to what I said about coding being craft.  So for example, this is a situation that I've been in.  And you're starting to learn to code and you stumble across some concepts you don't understand.  Say CSS Flexbox.  What I used to do was I would sit down and I would nonstop read about the concept, watch different videos and I would try to master that concept before I went on to the next.  And that is completely wrong.

 What I would do now is I would, okay, I don't understand this.  Let me finish off this section of the tutorial or whatever section I set out to do.  And then I would go build things with it.  All right.  So your immediate rebuttal would be something like, okay, but if I'm not a master, how am I meant to get a job in this industry? While you're missing the point again, when you're getting hired as a junior developer, you not expect it to be a master.  You're expected to know a certain part of the domain that the company is looking for, say, front end development.  And you're expected to have the grit, patience and persistence to constantly learn and absorb new things.  And this is how really good programmers are made.  They know the basics really well, not by reading books or doing video tutorials, by building a bunch of projects.  And they're always eager to learn more.

 So they do a bunch of practice.  They swallow their pride.  They're very comfortable with being uncomfortable because they're learning.  And they're on this continuous pursuit of mastery.  Yeah, I think that's 100% true.  You're getting hired as a junior.  And I would you 100% shouldn't like master something.  That's like something I struggled to.  I'm cringing so hard right now.  Yeah.

 That's crazy.  That's that's really good for a first video.  That's crazy.  Good job.  All right.  Where are we? All right.  Okay.  So there's something I'm going to do real quick because now that I think about it, do you guys think that the thumbnail of this video is kind of weird? The video I just made, I've seen it like 10 times now because it's popped up into my feed like 10 times.  But I feel like the fact that I'm smiling in the video, the thumbnail kind of is misleading.  Kind of want to change that.

 So.  I don't know.  I guess I'll just leave it.  I'm too lazy to change it at this point.  It is what it is.  Now it looks great.  Programming videos look like Mr.  Beast these days.  Yeah.  It's true.

 Everybody copies Mr.  Beast's like editing style.  I have like examples of that too.  And it doesn't work for tech.  Like if you're going to copy somebody, you should just copy fireship style because it's relatively easy to make those videos and they work.  Like you don't need to have like the most fancy editing.  You just need basic edits.  And honestly, nowadays, I don't know, like it's like the most popular like channels are like code aesthetic.  Like he's like one of the most popular in his videos take forever.  I would guess to make like the animations and everything.

 And they're slow.  Like everybody says nowadays, like, you know, everybody has like TikTok brain, like ADHD.  So you need to do like everything quickly and like cut fast.  But this guy doesn't cut fast.  His videos are like documentaries.  They're well edited, but like he's not doing things super fast.  Like he pauses a lot.  And yeah.  There's the other guy too, coderized.  He's like the same.

 He does it.  He edits very similarly.  I I had his are actually the harder to call this is actually in the same around them.  Yeah, his editing is actually crazy.  This would be really hard.  But each argument will stay in memory until the chain completes.  And we get our results.  But why does a video like this get so many views? It's the animation.  Like there's no there's nothing like it.  You can't really find videos that look like this is the content good though.

 Like this is a 10 minute video.  He's talking about he's covering a lot of stuff about functional programming.  I would never guess that hundreds of thousands of people would be interested in a video like that unless it's really, really well made like this one.  Like functional programming by itself isn't really that interesting.  I don't think there's that many people who are like I got to learn about functional programming.  I got to learn how it compares to other things.  He changed the thumbnail and title.  It was different when he first made it.  I don't know.  I think it's the fact that it's different.

 You can't find videos like these.  It's the title, the purest coding style.  It's part of it I think.  I don't know.  Yeah.  I mean they're like yeah these two videos are like this like how do you get really good pretty much as like a coder.  It seems like that would have wide appeal.  Never install locally.  I mean this is just like a docker video.  They're like that's what I'm saying.

 Are there really a million people interested in learning like the basics of how docker works? I wouldn't think there were.  Even if you go to like fireships videos, I bet his don't even have this many views or maybe they do.  Yeah look at his docker in a hundred seconds.  It has 700k views.  And this guy doesn't even mention docker.  All he says is don't install locally.  Maybe that's engaging.  But I think he cracked the algorithm.  I think probably when people watch the video, he gets a lot of watch time.  And so then YouTube pushes the video a lot.

 That's what I would guess.  But I don't know.  I really don't like golang.  I really don't like it reducible.  Yeah I've heard of this.  Kind of like math.  It's mostly math.  Yeah like look at this.  Page rank, a trillion dollar algorithm.  I would think that's pretty interesting.

 It's not practical.  Like why would you need to know about page rank? Nobody needs to really know about it.  Even if you work at Google, you probably don't need to know about it.  And this is pretty well made.  It's 25 m.  Yeah I don't know.  I mean it's a very very well made video, but it's just not really targeted to anybody who would want to watch a video like that, even if it's well made.  I mean this obviously people who want to know dynamic programming are going to want to watch this video.  There's a lot of people who want to do that.  Yeah I don't know whatever.

 Yeah I have heard of that software and I've seen three blue one brown.  I think this is good.  Counting the number of good nodes.  I think I'm ready to call it.  not called the stream, but like, I think I give up on these problems.  I don't know if I can do it.  Like, there's 150 problems in this list, and we can't even like attempt half of them, because we don't have the data structures.  You know what? Actually, I can do these.  Wait a minute, I forgot about these.  These are just array problems.

 Oh my god, I can do actually all five of these.  Yeah, okay, let's do some stretching.  Let's do some stretching.  I think I'm good.  I think I did that last stream, but. . .  I can do pushups.  I can, but I think I want.  You look like Mr.

 Bean.  Really? I don't see the resemblance, but. . .  Damn, yeah, okay.  Are we talking like this Mr.  Bean? Or are we talking like the handsome one? I don't know.  I'll hand some. . .

 Whoa, oh my god.  I don't see the resemblance, but he's a very good actor.  The way you move. . .  I mean, that's. . .  I don't really see that either, but I'll take it, I guess.  Climbing stairs, your climbing stairs, it takes N steps to reach the top.

 You can climb one steps or two steps.  How many things do you think the way you climb to the top? For two, one plus one.  I mean, I know this is the Fibonacci problem.  Just how do we. . .  do it.  Okay, so two is two, three is three, four is going to be these two added together.  So it's literally the fifth and actually because if I want to get to n equals 10, I have to know what n equals 8 and n equals 9 are and add those two together.  And n is always going to be greater than or equal to 1, I think.

 Yep.  So I don't even need to do that recursively.  I'm going to go straight for the Dp solution n1 and n2.  Okay, so four, I zero, I's a sin i plus plus and n2.  I don't know if it's going to do simultaneous, like assignment here.  I just do two, two lazy to drive runner.  So I'm just going to abuse that.  Okay, I think we got it.  Let's just test it one more time, unlike 10.  Okay, we got it.

 Cool.  Minimum cost climbing stairs.  This is like the same problem I think.  Oh, count update.  Yeah.  37 now.  I was just thinking, sorry, I was just like spacing out right now, but I was just thinking, like, what am I going to do after the stream? Like, after, I mean, after the stream, I'm going to sleep at some point at like nighttime.  But then like after that, what am I going to do? I'm going to be consistent with those.  I try to do them whenever I have time.  Sometimes I just don't have time.

 Sometimes I'm like trying to like meet with people and hang out with people.  So I just don't do the problems.  But like you can see, I've been doing most of them.  Sometimes it's a problem I've already done before.  So I skip it.  As in like, I already have a video for that problem.  But yeah, for the most part, I do the daily week out of problems like almost every day on here, including the last three days, but not today.  Make the videos in advance.  I can't really because it's like the daily leak code video.  I mean, the daily leak code problem, unless somebody tells me what it's going to be in advance, I wish somebody from leak code would do that.

 I would appreciate that.  But unfortunately, I will know until the same day.  Okay.  What's this problem again? You're going to enter your cost is the cost of the I step on a stair once you pay the cost, you can either climb one or two steps.  You need to start from the step with index zero or the step with index one.  Try the minimum cost to reach the top of the floor.  So sub problem wise, it's just going to be what's the minimum cost to reach this step.  What's the minimum cost to reach this step? What's the minimum cost to reach this? Wait, wait, wait, wait.  I'd step on a staircase.  It, okay.

 So wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  You can either start from the step with index zero or index one.  And you pay the cost at this position, you can either climb one step or two steps.  So why would we start here and then climb one step when we can start here and climb two steps? Oh, that's not the top.  The top is out of bounds.  The top is out of bounds.  Okay, it's good to know.  I'm going to pee real quick.  I'll be right back.  Sorry.

 I've been drinking too much water.  I'm surprised that you even did as many problems as I have so far.  Like, going is just rough.  Very rough, man.  I think the rest of these will be able to get done for sure.  Whoops, that should not be open.  All right.  I'll be back.  Don't worry.  I'm still alive.

 I'm still here.  Damn, he's taken long.  Yeah, I was getting food.  He's sleeping.  Definitely not that.  Who is here in the beginning when we are in need of men and max method and go? I just created a package star and contribute.  Yeah.  We're going to need a little more than just the men and max.  We're going to need like the entire standard library.  Okay, I'm kind of cold now.

 So I'm going to put my jacket back on.  Australia got bundled with Europe.  I mean, I don't know.  Don't the British still think it's a part of Europe? Oh, sorry.  Didn't mean to open that can of worms.  Ha, ha, my eat.  Got down my hair.  Big fan.  Appreciate your work.  Thank you.

 I appreciate it.  What's the sub problem in this case? Like we want to know the cost from the beginning.  Well, the cost from index zero or index one to reach the end.  For us to know that, shouldn't we know in reverse order? The cost and from the last position, we can reach the goal by with 20.  From this position, we can reach the goal with 15.  From this position, we can reach the goal with 10 plus 15 or 10 plus 20.  So we work our way backwards and we can skip the last two.  For I and or cost, range cost.  So ask him to play this video, what video? Actually, what the hell am I doing? I want the index, right? I want to start length of cost.  Minus one would be the last one.

 Minus two would be the second to last.  I think I want minus three.  And we're going backwards.  So we're going to do minus minus.  Can we just do we need an extra array or can we overwrite it? I think we can just overwrite it.  It seems easier to do that anyway.  And at the end, the results will be stored in these two values.  So we can return.  Is the length of cost at least going to be two? Yep.  Okay, thankfully.

 I want to do math dot min, but we know that's not possible.  What is possible? Math dot min.  We just have to convert it to a float 64 with cost index zero.  Same thing with cost index one.  Come on, discord voice.  We can talk there.  What kind of logic is that? Amazon rejected you.  What drug should you use? Oh.  You're talking chat.  Okay.

 wanted to invite, it's not like I wanted to talk to anybody.  Just kidding.  Assuming this is correct.  So what are we doing here? For a particular position, like with the index on my, boss that index I is what? It should be the minimum of is next to so.  I think I'm adding to it, right? The minimum of the next two.  So I'm actually just going to say, copy this, shoot.  What am I doing? Copy, paste, cost it.  I plus one about that and I plus two.  How about that? And then run it.  Jesus Christ.

 Oh, yeah, it doesn't even give us an integer pack.  I mean, can I convert it into an ant? Please just let me do it.  Please.  That's all I want in life.  And I probably have to do the same thing here.  Okay, nice.  I mean, we only had to wrap it in like six conversions.  That's all we had to do.  38.  Only seven more hours.

 Only seven more hours.  Are you eating cornflakes now? I'm eating rice.  What's biryani? Are you doing this on your own free well? Okay.  Okay.  House robber.  Damn, dude.  I need an ad bill.  It's just ad bill guys.  It's nothing.  It's nothing else.

 It's just ad bill.  I'm not a drug addict.  Okay.  Is it veg that you're eating? I don't, I mean, it's not veg.  I feel like, I don't really talk about it because I feel like people, I don't know.  I don't know how serious the people take about it.  I'm not a vegetarian.  No, it's chicken, biryani.  I know like most Indian people are vegetarian, I think.  I don't know.

 I could be wrong.  At least like 50% I think are.  But yeah, not me.  Actually, let's look it up.  What percentage of Indians are vegetarian? Oh, it's like 40%.  Okay.  Interesting.  I thought it was like a majority.  Oh, damn.  I did not know it was that like, just let me see the picture.

 I did not know it was that like uneven.  Like most people actually, yeah, from where I'm my family's from, our vegetarian.  And it looks like South India.  It's like almost nobody is vegetarian.  I guess it's probably because they eat a lot of like seafood.  I don't know.  Interesting.  Is alcoholism better than drugs? I need something, man.  I mean, it's just an addiction.  Like it doesn't, it will not help you with your problems.

 It will just make them worse.  Yeah.  See my inbox.  What the hell is this? I don't want to open my messages.  I kind of do actually.  There's nothing here.  Just people asking questions.  Yeah, both my parents are Indian.  What is this problem again? I So we're just trying to get the max.  Pretty much the max sub sequence where we just can't have two adjacent houses two adjacent values.

 Hmm, can I actually. . .  Can I actually just do this? I don't know if I've ever recorded this up this way like overwriting the input array.  I don't know if I have, but I'm gonna do it because I don't care.  So starting at index two, how long is the length of the array gonna be? No, I guess we should, we might as well.  We might as well have some variables.  I'll call them n1 and 2.  Let's just check if length of norms is equal to 1.  Just return norms of 0.

 Cool, cool, cool.  Noms of 0.  And return.  I mean, we want to do the max, but I'm just gonna do it with like this.  If n1 is greater than 2, going into. . .  What, okay, what are these values gonna represent? Like, I want to know what's the max I can rob until this portion of the array, the max I can rob here.  Okay, then when I want to compute this guy, what am I thinking of? I want to know what's the max I can rob.  Okay, if I'm robbing this house, I can't rob the previous one.

 I can only rob this and I'm putting the maximum here.  I think I can just do it in such a way where I can just return n2.  And if I do that, okay, now I'm here.  And I want to know, should I rob the max that I can put here, I can either just get the previous value or I can say this plus this.  Or do I want to do it like the max including this value for sure? I know we start so I is gonna be equal to I plus the length of the mouse.  I plus plus.  What the fuck? Obviously, okay, now I'm overriding and I'm just. . .  I'm gonna do the multi line assignment.

 And two, whereas this, and two is gonna be assigned.  Is it like the, I think it's like that, yeah.  And two is gonna be, what's the max with a rob including this? Well, possibly including it's gonna be. . .  I cast the tune int, we're gonna do math. max.  And yeah, we're gonna need to do float 64s.  Here, the two possible maxes are just the previous one and one.  And.

. .  Now it's n2, n1, plus. . .  Noms at index i, I think.  But I don't, then if that's the case. . .  Or maybe I can start at 1.

 Maybe I can start at 1 and do this.  I don't know if I'm just crazy or. . .  I can actually do this.  Oh my god, I'm a genius.  Holy, I'm an actual genius.  There's probably an edge case that we're missing.  Oh no, I actually got it.  Hell yeah.

 That's 39.  Is it considered cheating to Google some built-in function? I don't think so.  Even in real interviews, I don't think that's a big deal, depending on what you're searching for.  Did you do well in college? For computer science, that did pretty well.  I think I had like a 3. 8 GPA.  Are you looking for a job again with some motivation by the 24-hour stream? I've been wanting to do it for a while.  I already did one, and the video didn't get saved.  So I have to do it again.  I have no choice.

 And this time the video is definitely going to be saved because I'm literally recording it with my computer.  And yeah.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.  I'm going to do it again.

 I'm going to do it again.  What's your ethnicity? Get some sleep.  I'm Indian, and I'm not going to be getting sleep for a while.  Yeah, my family knows about the YouTube channel now.  I didn't really tell them at first.  It's not a Herman Miller.  It's much cheaper.  Okay, House Robert 2.  And you already know I'm going to link this code because House Robert 2 is like the exact same problem isn't it? There are a range in a circle.  So we're basically calling the first function on the first everything except the last element because we don't want to include both of these.

 We can't rob both of them.  I'm going to make a helper.  I'm going to make a helper.  I'm going to make a helper.  Give me some numbs.  I think your math is a little bit wrong.  17 hours divided by 39 problems is not 44 minutes per problem.  It's like less than 30.  It's not still not good, but it's definitely not 44 minutes is it? Why do I do this to myself? Like this is not glamorous.  Like this is not the sexy part of being a YouTuber.

 We are in the trenches right now.  We are suffering and there's no glory in any of this.  But you can't take the easy way out.  You just can't.  So we're going to go hard for seven more hours.  And if any of you guys are not tough enough to handle it, then you should leave right now.  Okay, not really.  Don't leave.  You can stay as long as you want.  I don't expect you to stay the whole 24 hours.

 I don't know what to call this.  R1, I guess.  And we're going to call a helper with a slice of the array.  Everything except length of norms.  Minus one.  R2 is going to be.  This.  I've got that.  And then if R1 greater than R2, turn R1 to set it.  Oh, damn, I already marked it complete.

 What? What's the issue index out of range with length equals oh.  That's true.  If the length of the array is this, this must it can be as one.  It's possible.  That the length is actually not zero or not one.  It's possible that the length is actually zero.  And if that's the case, we should return zero, I guess.  Come on now.  What the hell is that? Okay, we can just add another statement here.  Actually, if we add that, we don't really need this, do we? I can get rid of this and I can copy this and I can move this here.

 I hope.  All right, because if it's length one, just return it anyway.  I don't even bother with the rest of this crap.  Nice.  Okay.  We're a little premature, but we got it in the end.  4T.  If any of you want to know how I feel right now, you should try coding for however many hours we've been doing this for.  Just to see what it feels like.  I don't think you'll regret it.

 You're not going to enjoy it, but it's a good feeling.  It's a very good feeling.  I know thank you, sir.  I don't know.  I think it builds character.  I think it builds character.  You can't run away from difficulty in life.  Even if you try running away, it's going to catch up to you anyway.  What does that mean? Have you watched a god? Is that a movie? I don't know.  I haven't watched it.

 Are you okay? Yeah.  Oh, Game of Thrones.  I haven't watched that either.  It's 320 where I'm at right now.  Do you need to learn how to prove things to prepare for interviewing at Google? I don't think so.  No.  Is it recorded? I hope so.  I am recording it right now.  I will upload it.  But.

. .  Yeah.  As long as the recording is saved, I will upload it.  Solve leak code problems and assembly.  You know, actually implemented merge sort in assembly and college.  Maybe that's a common thing like doing complicated stuff in assembly.  But yeah, it's rough.  It is rough.  You were fighting GoLang yesterday.

 What's the score now? It's getting better.  The thing that bothers me though is like no built-in data structures.  It's just ridiculous.  Like. . .  If they were built in, it's not even the syntax anymore.  I mean, the syntax is annoying.  I've kind of gotten through most of it.  Yeah, it's milk.

 It's the easiest food to eat for me right now.  I'm not going to sleep.  Why does everybody want me to sleep? This is the same thing that happened last time, but I did not go to sleep.  Last time I was way more like hot.  It was during summer, so it was way hotter.  But now it's like cold.  And I prefer this weather a lot more.  What's your real name? I did not delete the old stream.  It was not my fault.  Okay, I didn't know.

 know that YouTube doesn't automatically save it.  So it didn't get saved.  I wish I had the stream.  If I had if I saved the stream, if I had it saved, I would not be streaming right now.  Okay, I'm doing this because I'm recording it.  And yeah, by the way, there's my LinkedIn and my real names on there.  And while you're there, feel free to like the post.  You think it's possible to learn for interviews only by watching your videos.  I'm gonna be honest, probably not like you have to code like you can't learn how to ride a bike by watching somebody ride a bike.  That's not how your brain works.

 Your brain needs to do it itself.  Why don't you collab with other creators? I don't know.  I mean, I'll try to do more.  It's just like, I don't know.  Is there really a good reason to do that? Like, why would I do that? For traffic, I guess, but I don't think collabs help as much as people think.  And honestly, they're kind of a lot of work.  A neat code plus fireship collab.  I don't think he'd want to collab with me.  I don't think he has a good reason to.  C++ or Python, which is best for data structures, I would prefer Python, but they're both fine.

 Like, if you're good at C++, you'll probably be fine with C++.  Yeah, I don't speak Hindi.  Damn, my throat hurts.  Like, I guess it's probably just from talking a lot.  That's kind of why I'm talking quieter now.  Spam fireship to collab with me.  Are you on a break? I don't know what I'm doing anymore.  We got to 40.  That's more than I thought we'd get to.  But it just hurts.

 I feel like I might close my eyes right now.  I'm not taking a fall asleep.  Like, just watch me.  Just watch me close my eyes and lean back.  No, I can't do that.  Speak Hindi.  Didn't I just say I don't speak Hindi? How to not feel demotivated.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I mean, that's more of like a emotional question.

 But I mean, I think it's more common than you would think.  Like, you're not like, I don't know.  Like, you can improve.  You don't have to be good at even solving easy questions from the beginning.  Yeah, let's maybe find a YouTube video or something.  I don't know.  What topic do you guys want? This was in my feed.  I already watched this video though.  It's not really about programming.  That's pretty chill.

 Finally landed in New York.  Let's go.  So I went outside and called my Uber for picking up my bag.  My first day in New York, I'm finally back and it's raining like hell right now.  I've managed to gaslight my friends on the music.  That guy and he let me stay at their place for a week.  So I'm not completely homeless.  But I'm waiting for them to come back from the office.  They were both meta interns with me last summer and they are working as full-time swears here now.  So, did you guys tell umbrellas? I'm perfect.

 You're saving my life.  You too.  First day is already an adventure.  I got an umbrella.  I'm at your store by luggage.  Now we need to find food because I get really hanging.  Excuse me.  You know any food places around here coming from California to here? Feels so nice to see people again.  It's kind of expensive.  I don't know if I can afford this place.

 How is there no McDonald's here? All right, we're going to eat here.  Now the guy gets your conteria key.  It's all I need.  All right, go to some love thing.  Let's go.  Tell me.  I mean it's finally there but it doesn't want to be on camera.  All right, this is, I don't know.  I already watched this.  Are you guys enjoying that? I don't know.

 What about a tech lead video? No, I've cut.  Like these are always good for comedic value.  I'm not going to bother.  There's nothing else to watch.  Does fireship done anything recently? Watch your own video.  Actually, fireship has not done anything.  He must be on vacation because usually this guy uploads like a maniac seriously.  This guy uploads a crazy amount.  I don't know how he does it.  Nobody uses go.

 The primogen, but if we're watching the primogen, I mean, isn't he reacting to stuff half the time? Like we're going to be watching someone.  I'm going to be reacting to him reacting to other stuff.  About fair.  Is that about a fair-ish statement? Wrong again.  Parallelism is more than one thing happened in the world.  An async function.  Yeah, I think we're not going to do that.  Yeah, let's watch.  Watch.  He must have made this video, right? Okay, let's watch it.

 Now that we kind of know how garbage this language is, let's watch.  Go.  A statically typed compiled language often described as C for the 21st century.  It's a popular choice for high- Okay, so it really is.  I thought Rust was supposed to be C for the 21st century.  But it's actually go.  And that makes a lot of sense.  It's not object-oriented.  You implement everything from scratch.  Like C doesn't even have strings though.

 As far as I remember, like real like strings.  So like, it has char stars, but I don't know, maybe I'm wrong, maybe I'm just stupid.  Performance, server-side applications.  The language that built tools like Docker, CockroachDB, and DeGraph.  It was created at Google in 2007.  By legends who really know their stuff, like Ken Thompson, the inventor of the B and C programming language.  Just version.  Okay.  I mean, I can't even be mad then.  If Go is supposed to be C, like a modern version of C, then.

. .  then I made a huge miscalculation and trying to do leak code problems with that.  That's all I have to say.  1. 0 was released as open-source software in 2012.  It was designed for simplicity and efficiency.  And that's why we call it Go and not Go Lang.  The source code is compiled down to machine code, which means it generally outperforms interpreted languages.  But it's famous for its extremely fast compile times.

 Made possible by innovations to dependency analysis.  And even though it's a statically type language, it performs type inference to deliver a syntax that is very concise and practical.  It also has a package and module system making it easy to import and export code between projects.  To get started, and. . .  We probably should have watched this video before. . .  before starting.

 I think it's a little too late at this point.  It's all Go, and then open an empty directory on your system.  Create a file ending in . go, then add package main at the top to create a standalone executable.  Then declare a main function, which is where your program will start executing.  Go has a standard library of core packages to handle common requirements like math, networking, or formatted I. O.  Yeah, but not data structures.  No queue, no heap.  Oh, by importing FMT, we can print a line to the standard output, then run the Go build command, and it quickly compiles the source code and dependencies into an executable binary.

 When it comes to dependencies, we can also link to remote packages on GitHub, run Go mod a knit from the command line, and that creates a Go module file that enables dependency tracking.  Syntactically, Go is like a concise version of C or C++.  To clear a variable with the var keyword, followed by its name and type, and initialize it with a value, or you might use the short assignment syntax to replace var, and let Go automatically infer the type, and you can define multiple variables from a single line.  Go has all the other features you'd expect in a programming language, like arrays, maps, loops, and control flow, but also allows you to store the memory address of a value using pointers, while disallowing pointer arithmetic, which often leads to dangerous and unpredictable behavior.  In addition, it supports concurrency with Go routines, which are functions that can run at the same time as other functions, by utilizing multiple threads on a CPU.  This has been Go in 100 seconds.  Hit the like button if you want to see more short videos like this, and check out the full article to write your first 100 lines of Go on FireshipIO.  Thanks for watching! Hello from Australia.  Hello.  Why not just use C to be honest? I think it might have been easier for me to have just use C.

 I think it might have actually been easier.  What should I do? Should I solve another problem? Or should I just keep reading chat? C can't handle distributed systems.  Yeah, but I don't think leak code is a distributed system.  It does see not have like networking packages, probably not.  I mean, why would somebody make a server and see? Even like C++, what are the frameworks people use with C++? I know at Google, we had our own frameworks.  But in the open source world, with Java, I think people use Spring Boot, with C++, what do people use? I don't think they're as supported as the Java stuff.  With us, STL.  Yeah, but like, does STL have more than I, I mean, maybe I just never learned that.  I never did any web development with C++.  Yeah, I guess Go has garbage collection.

 But I mean, you don't need garbage collection and leak code problems.  Khrc, Ugh.  me how can you get in touch with me well depends what you want but I mean can I always message me on like discord or something.  But I get a lot of messages and stuff so depending on what you're looking for I. . .  I might not be able to respond.  You haven't slept in 17 hours, yeah, but I mean, I feel like most people don't sleep for 16 hours and then they sleep for eight hours.  So that's not crazy.  But I've been awake for a while.

 I woke up pretty early, woke up like four hours before I started streaming.  Why only 40 problems? Cause go is really painful.  I feel like I spent most of my brain power just learning the ghosts and tax.  And even then it's not easy to do these problems.  Cause I need like certain data structures that I don't have.  Plus one, this has got to be easy, right? You are given an array of digits.  So I'm just going to do a few tests.  Why Windows over Mac? I mean, just for a desktop.  I have a MacBook, but like my main computer is a PC.  You have a massive following in India by the way.

 Thank you.  Well, I don't know if I'm supposed to say thank you to that, but I appreciate it.  Oh man.  Any plans for a meetup? I don't have any plans, but like it depends where you guys are.  I mean, the easiest place I could do a meetup is like Seattle area.  And I'll probably try to do one at some point.  And how much are you interested in a startup? I mean, I'm interested in doing it at some point by some point.  I mean, like maybe within six months or maybe within a year or something.  Please stream more often.  I think I will try to actually have a few video ideas.

 Let me get you guys as a opinion on it.  Like the next video I make on my YouTube channel, I want to make a poll to see what you guys think.  So yeah, let me quickly do that.  I want to know what video you guys want to see because I have many ideas right now.  Damn, is notion down? That's where I had my stuff.  No, it's working.  Okay, so one of it is.  Yeah, I guess I'll put like three ideas.  Let's put a few ideas.  So which video should I make next? What I worked on at Google or discrete math or programmers? Or this one's like a work in progress, but maybe like 20 top 20 concepts.

 Or coding interviews.  Which one of these three do you want to see the most? And when I say discrete math for programmers, I probably will have it mostly focusing on like coding interview related stuff.  Because I think that's more interesting.  Oh, shoot, you guys want the, I should have made a guess on what you guys wanted to see.  Yeah, it makes sense.  That the 20 concepts, because that's just like the most broadly appealing.  How are you feeling? I'm feeling pretty good.  Feeling pretty good, man.  How are you feeling? LOL, I'm 12 and I know complete DSA.  Yeah, but you don't know complete grammar.

 Okay, so maybe stick to the books, stay in school.  Sorry, I wasn't even trying to be funny.  That's just my personality.  Okay, so it actually looks like it's pretty close.  Damn, this great math is catching up, man.  Kid and shambles, right? Kid and shambles.  Oh my god, there's almost a skeeto on my wall.  Should I kill it? No, I have to.  Just give me a second.  I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.

 Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.

 Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Okay, so I hallelujah.  Okay, so I hallelujah.  Sorry, the cab is farrah Awesome.  Okay, now in my book I'm going to kill that mosquito on my wall.  Don't worry.  I got it.  Don't kill it.

 It's too late.  Okay, I killed it and then I ate it.  Okay, so you guys want the top 20 concepts for coding in our counter.  Does that make sense? I mean, yeah.  Yeah, that makes sense.  Top 10 concepts, or maybe top 15.  20 is quite a lot.  I'd have to go very quickly if I want to cover 20 concepts.  20 is too many, it's true.  Or I'd have to cover them quickly or I'd have to make a long video.

 But I don't know, I mean 20 is comprehensive though, because I think 20 sounds about right for coding interviews, because there's a lot of concepts.  Like if I show you, like on my site, right, like I group these up into something like 18 different groups, like roughly 18 groups or something like that.  And some of these groups cover multiple things.  Like stacks, there's monotonic stack.  I don't know, maybe 10 is enough, because frankly, like, I don't think bit manipulation is a top concept.  Yeah, 10 or 15 is probably good.  I don't think bit manipulation is top.  I don't even think, I mean, I think math is important, but not like some of these subtle ones.  Intervales is probably important, because they're very similar, greedy.  I don't even know how to categorize that, but yeah, like dynamic programming is not a top concept.

 It's just not, like it's pretty rare to be asked a dynamic programming problem.  You're much more likely to get asked graphs, even at Google I'm pretty sure.  I don't have any stats on it or anything, but.  Yeah, I guess Indian companies might be different.  I'm eating rice.  Do you like India or the US more? I'm gonna be honest.  I mean, there's pros and cons of each, but I've lived like in the US.  So obviously I'm more used to the US.  I mean, yeah.  One of the new features you're playing on adding to the website, I have a long list.

 I've added a bunch of, like, neat code problems, neat code specific problems.  I think this is a good start.  These kind of go along with the course.  Like now, when you're going through like the course, like you're going through the union find lesson, you can see the article, you can see the video, you can see the code, and you can implement your own union find data structure.  You do that for most of the lessons now.  Like, oh, you're learning the zero one knapsack pattern.  We'll implement it.  Oh, you're learning.  Seagash map implement it.  You learn about resizable arrays, you implement it.

 So that's a good start, but I can go much further with things.  Yeah.  That's kind of, yeah, that's kind of the direction I'm having.  A lot of it's, I don't participate in leak good contests.  I don't.  I did very briefly.  I only did for like a few contests.  It's not that, I don't know.  I don't really care about the contest too much.  I mean, if I was preparing for interviews, it's a good way to like test yourself, I guess.

 I mean, it's a good way to like simulate the pressure a little bit of like a real interview, but other than that, like you can just do the old contests.  You can just find four random leak good problems and just do as quickly as you want.  Like there's nothing special about a contest.  And like don't people cheat in leak good contest, like every time I open it up, there's like accusations of people like cheating.  Or something like that.  I don't know why the hell somebody would want to cheat in a leak code contest.  Like what do you even get out of that? But people are weird.  I guess.  You just woke up to pee and now you're going back to sleep.  That's good.

 Suggesting to pick a random problem for the user in your website, there actually is a feature for that.  Like there's a random button.  I can try to make it more clear if it's not clear right now.  But yeah, this is, I think this is doing what you're describing, right? Oh, God, light theme.  Does anybody's eyes burning yet? Are you guys as eyes burning? Is eyes burning? Man, I have to say I'm shocked.  And I'm also thankful that you guys are still hanging out with me right now because like there's not much to see at this point.  I don't, I don't know.  We can read like the YouTube comments again, but I really don't want to read those kind of cringey.  Like I've had so many messages recently.  I really want to read them, but I don't want to read them on stream.

 I had so many messages of people reaching out saying like, whether either they can relate or like, you know, just like saying like they appreciate this shared being transparent or whatever.  It is what it is.  Like, I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I know like I probably come off as like sensitive, but like it really doesn't hurt my feelings if people talk trash about me.  It really doesn't bother me.  The only thing that bothers me is like as like a creator or like, you know, I'm the YouTuber.

 So if somebody says something to me, I can't like say anything back to them because then it just makes me look bad.  That's the only thing that bothers me.  But it's a good thing.  There's no point in getting caught up and stuff like that.  Why the new videos aren't in the lead code list? Let me actually show you.  I'm going to show you.  You know what? We should have done this a while ago.  I'm going to show you the neat code code repository.  Right.  Meow.

 I'm going to show it to you.  Right.  Meow.  Are you married? No.  Very good question.  What do you mean very good question? What do you? Are you are you looking to get married? Just kidding.  I'm kidding.  Well, let me find the date.  This is why I don't.  So.

 Here you go.  Here you go.  Here's the neat code code base.  Why don't you so he's asking? When I upload a new video to my second channel, why don't I add it to the site? Right away.  Every time I make a video, just add it to the site.  And it's true.  But it's just tedious.  So I do it in bulk.  Like after like 10 videos or 20 videos or something, I'll add them.  But if you look at it, look at how big this file is.

 It's 6,000 lines.  It's just a big, fat file with every single problem.  And for every single problem, I have a new video.  I'm going to show you how to do it.  And for every single problem, I have the name of the problem, the pattern of the problem, the URL, and you probably think, like, oh, why not just have the leak code. com prefix? Well, when you have so much data, like hundreds of problems, this, the characters in this, add up.  It's 10 characters or whatever, multiplied by like 400 problems.  That's a lot of data.  And it makes the site a little bit slower, so I don't have that there.  All of these I don't have.

 Like this code, like there's a GitHub prefix to this video.  This is not a video URL.  Like before this should be like YouTube. com or something.  Why not store it in a database? Yeah, I could do that.  But I feel like it doesn't really, it won't really make that much of a difference.  The data is going to have to be fetched anyway.  So it's not so large that I need it to be in a database.  I don't think.  Yep.

 Yeah, that's pretty much it.  So if I want to add a problem right now, I can do it right now.  I can add a problem right now and push this and deploy it right in front of you if you want me to.  You guys want to do that? Is this TypeScript? Yeah, it's TypeScript.  All right.  I'll show you how the magic happens.  But let me check the file history.  When was the last time I added a problem? Oh shoot, I saw that.  That's when I added a tab.  I had problem.

 Okay, the last problem I added was text justification.  So now what I'm going to do is go, I'm going to show you this is why I don't do it very frequently.  It's kind of tedious as hell.  So now I'm going to go into this big boy and where's text justification? Is this one? So now I'm going to do all the problems since we did text justification.  You guys wanted to see it.  So now don't leave the stream.  Okay, now you got to stay with me as I do this.  And you're going to see why it takes me a while.  So now I have to figure out, first of all, which pattern are we going to put this in? I don't remember this problem.  Oh, it's similar to the longest increasing subsequent problem.

 But it can be solved more cleverly.  So what does that mean? Is it dynamic programming or is it something else? Greedy explanation on.  Okay, so it is dynamic programming.  And it's also greedy.  So now you guys tell me which pattern should I put it into? It's dynamic programming.  It can very much be solved with dynamic programming.  But it's also greedy.  I think we put it in greedy because the greedy solution is more optimal.  And also the video kind of explains the greedy solution even more.  So I think we put it in greedy.

 And the problem ID is. . .  646, we don't have that.  So let's go to the greedy category now.  And it's a medium problem.  I'll try to group it close to the other mediums.  I guess I'll just add it to the end of the list.  Okay, so I'm going to take this now.  I'm going to copy and paste it.

 I'm going to get rid of all these.  Yeah, I'm just going to get rid of all these languages.  I don't know if they exist or not.  And. . .  You made your life hard for yourself.  Yeah.  I mean, what would be the faster way to do this? Because at the end of the day, I have to get the name of the problem.  I have to get the pattern of the problem.

 I have to get the link of the problem, the video of the problem, and the code link of the problem.  Like there's no shortcut for that.  But like even if I automate it, you still got to scrape that data.  The best thing I can do is probably just have somebody else do it for me.  This is the name of the problem.  That's the pattern.  What's the problem link? It's that.  Problem link.  What's the video ID? It's this.  So paste it.

 So paste it.  I'm pretty sure this was a medium problem.  So that stays the same.  And we just copied this.  It's 646.  And to here.  0, 646.  There we go.  You could just have each pattern in a separate file.  It's true.

 But it wouldn't really make anything that much better.  Like it's true that this is a big file, but I can jump around the file.  That's not the hard part for me.  It's just I still have to add one of these every single time.  So now let me run it locally real quick.  I can probably just do NPM start.  I'll show you.  I can't locally.  I hope I don't expose anything.  I don't think I will.

 This is the local build.  This is the local build.  And now we previously look if I go production.  You see now.  If I go to production, F movies.  Yeah.  If I go to production, you can see this 441 problems.  If I go to the one running locally, 442 problems.  Because we just added one.  Now let's double check that it works.

 Maximum length of pair chain.  So I'm going to search for that.  This is the problem.  The problem length works.  The video works.  And that's pretty much it.  We don't have the code yet.  Because I'm too lazy to add that.  And there you go.  You want me to deploy this now.

 Okay.  Let's deploy.  I'm going to deploy for me.  It's pretty simple.  We're only deploying the front end.  So this is the command I use Firebase for everything.  Do you have CICD setup? Do you have a CICD pipeline? Hell no.  I don't need a CICD.  I'll just do manual deployments.  I'm the only one working on this.

 How hard is it to just run a command? I don't need CICD.  Maybe you need CICD.  Okay.  I don't.  So I'll just run that command.  It's going to take a few minutes.  So I'll do that off screen.  Add problem to table.  Okay.  So now here's production.

 Here's production.  Don't understand a lot, but sounds fun.  Okay.  So the here's production.  Right? Deployment complete.  Let's refresh.  442.  We got it.  Ladies and gentlemen.  We got it.

 You got your problem on the site now.  We only got 10 more problems to add.  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 11 problems to add.  Anybody want to do it for me? How do you revert back if the new release fails? I don't have that problem.  My releases don't fail.  But I mean, revert back.  I just, I mean, the release fails.  It just won't deploy.  It won't.  The deployment won't work.

 If the code is broken, if that's what you mean, I mean, if I have to do a rollback, if that's what you're asking, like if I push bad changes and want to roll back, I'll just go on get.  Go to the previous commit and just redeploy it.  I'll just redeploy it redeploy the old version.  Right? Like, is it that hard? I mean, for me, as in like one developer, and I control the whole code, I know everything about the code.  I'm not worried about somebody else's changes messing up mine.  I can just go to the old, the previous commit and push that.  Where do you learn DSA from? Reading.  A lot.  Reading people's code, thinking about it.  Watching videos, things like that.

 I didn't really watch too many videos, actually.  What did you get asked for to the Google interview? Let's just think about it for a second.  Why do you think I can't answer that question? Oh, I saw Alex Drew mentioning your content as one of the best resources.  How did you feel about that? I thought that was really nice.  I've spoken to Alex Drew, actually.  And yeah, the answer is NDA.  But yeah, I've spoken to Alex Drew.  He's a really nice person.  He's cool.  He's really smart.

 And he's doing really cool stuff with his social media presence.  And yeah.  How many years of experience do you have? Like professional years of experience, like actually working in a real job less than two years.  But I don't know.  I feel like the work I've been doing on my own site, I've learned a lot doing that.  You learn different things working on your own projects and working at a company.  But I think like 100% I learned more doing my own project like this compared to the work I did at Google.  100%.  And I will argue with anyone any day of the week about that.  I mean, I learned a lot at Google, which allowed me to like understand what I'm doing with my project.

 Yeah.  Like just because you work at a company like Google or a different company doesn't mean you're automatically going to learn.  You still have to take the initiative.  It's on you how much you learn.  What are the infrastructure costs for NETCO that's not super high? It's probably less than a thousand a month.  Probably.  It's been increasing lately though.  It's been increasing a lot lately, especially because I've added a bunch of features like the code's execution.  That's pretty expensive to run.  What age did you start coding? Probably when I was 19 and I'm 25 right now.

 I use a smartphone to use a Google Pixel.  It's already broken.  I just bought it like last year.  So Google Pixel 6.  Yep.  Do you plan to hire? I don't know, dude.  I think about it a lot.  But I don't know.  I don't really have the patience for that.  Google gave you that.

 I wish I paid for it and I wish I didn't.  Why did you leave Google as a dream company? I mean, I didn't want to leave.  Like, it was a hard decision.  I'm not even joking.  But they told me I could come back within a year if I wanted to.  That was before they did the layoffs.  So I'm not sure.  But I go, I don't, but yeah, overall, that's why I did it.  Because I thought I'd be able to come back if I really wanted to.  It wasn't like a high risk decision for me.

 Thoughts on code forces.  I've never used code forces.  How much of the DSA you learned? Did you apply to these personal projects? Not a lot.  I mean, I think it still informs you like as a programmer and informs like your logical thinking ability.  But largely I didn't use data search and so on.  There's actually parts of the code in the JavaScript code.  I might be able to show you.  But I, there's times where I could use a hash map and theoretically the big O time complexity would be fast.  To like search, but I used arrays because practically the arrays are small enough that is faster.  To just iterate over the array to search if a value exists in an array rather than doing a hash map.

 For whatever reason, like I ran, I ran the code I timed it and compared how fast is it within an array? How fast is it with a hash map? And it was actually faster within array.  So yeah.  That's kind of why like if you are doing lead code stuff, you should focus on the problem solving the like the thought process behind what you're doing.  Not memorizing.  Like big O things and trying to force that into your code.  Same thing applies to a lot of stuff like people will learn design patterns.  Or object oriented programming principles and then just blindly take them and just shove them everywhere into their code.  Even if it just over complicates it.  It's like those are the types of people who don't really think critically.  They don't think for themselves.

 They just see something and then just follow it.  Those are like the same people who will like watch a celebrity commercial and then just go straight and buy the product.  Like, oh no, but this famous programmer told me, oh no, but the gang of four said you have to do it this way.  It's so stupid.  How do you move out of India? My family moved out of India.  It wasn't really me.  My parents.  Cook and solves lead code.  I just I can't like there's still six hours left and I just can't do it.  It's like it's a special type of thought.

 It's a special type of like thinking.  Recording.  I'm going to keep going for 24 hours, but I can't.  I cannot do it.  I just can't not I can do it in Python.  Actually, maybe even Python.  I'm too fried.  That this point.  I'm going to keep going for 24 hours.  I can't.

 I cannot.  I just can't not.  I can do it in Python.  I can't do it in Python.  I'm too fried.  That this point.  Is it.  You know, if I if I switched to Python right now, I bet I could get to 69 problems.  I promise you I could get to 69 solved problems.  Not even close.

 And if you don't believe me, I'm going to prove it to you.  Will you make more system design videos? Definitely.  How's Go treating you? It's treating me horribly.  All right.  You talk about your capital one experience.  It's not much to talk about.  I don't think it's super interesting.  I mean, I I don't know.  I can talk about it if you guys want.  But.

 Isn't Go like C.  It is.  And.  You know, for I actually don't hate Go the syntax is pretty weird.  But now that I understand what goes actually for it's supposed to be a low level programming language.  I didn't know that.  I thought it was a high level programming language.  I thought it was supposed to be like.  Yeah, I mean if it's such a low-level programming language, if it's analogous to see, if it's a modern version of see, why are people building microservices with GoLang? I don't understand.  I don't get it.

 Okay, it's faster.  I mean, I don't know.  Like, it has less standard library support than C++ though.  Like, the libraries are very primitive.  I don't understand.  I mean, I'll talk about the capital one experience right now if you guys want.  I'll tell you about the interview.  I said, there was no phone screen.  There was no online assessment.  It was straight like, I had to do an on-site for an internship.

 I had to fly from Seattle.  I had to fly to the East Coast in Washington, D. C.  And I did, you know, I did my, I stayed at a hotel.  I did my interview.  By the way, the hotel, I got to the hotel.  They gave me my key.  I went to my room.  I opened the door and there was already somebody inside the room.  Can you imagine that it was weird enough for me opening the door? Imagine being in a hotel room and somebody just walks in.

 Like, what the fuck? This was like a high class hotel too.  And then when I did, you know, I went down and they gave me a different key, whatever.  I went into my room.  And then I was like, paranoid.  I was like, what the hell? Somebody gonna walk in on me too.  Like, what kind of shit is going on here? Yo.  And yeah, that was a weird experience.  That was a really weird experience to be honest.  That was my first time staying in a hotel by myself.  It might be room service.

 It was not.  It was the middle of the night.  I'm pretty sure the guy woke up.  His lights were off and he woke up because of me.  It's not even my fault.  But yeah, okay.  Anyways, so eventually I got to the, I got to the interview day, right? There was like a bus actually that took like 10 people.  We were all interviewing at Capitol One that day.  And we were in the bus.  We were like talking to each other like, hey, what college do you go to? People were like talking to each other around me.

 And they're like, oh, I got a brown university.  Oh, I got a Harvard university.  They're all wearing like suits.  Like literally, they're wearing full suits.  And I'm sitting there with my jeans.  And I have a button up shirt.  And my jeans.  And I'm wearing Nike's.  Everybody had like dress shoes.  And I'm wearing Laced Up Nikes.

 And I'm just like, damn, like, I didn't know what was going to happen.  I did not know, like, I just didn't know.  And I felt so embarrassed, dude.  I felt so embarrassed.  That was my first like on-site interview.  That was my first interview ever.  I was so embarrassed.  I, and then, okay, whatever.  That was like, okay, fine, whatever.  I'm still going to pass the interview.

 I get into the interview room.  I'm just sitting there waiting for my interviewer.  Like my interviewer walks in.  He gives me the question.  I'm probably not allowed to say this, but you know what? Fuck it.  What are they going to do? So me.  Actually, I don't even remember the question.  I'm pretty, I'm like 99% sure.  I'm not 99% sure it was this question.  Maximum depth of binary tree.

 I'm not 100% sure, but it was vaguely, it was an easy binary search tree leak code problem.  This isn't Google.  This is Capital One.  This is Capital One.  Okay.  This is Capital One.  But yeah, I don't know what the question was, but it was an easy binary search tree question.  And the optimal solution for it was a big O of N solution.  You should only visit every node once.  And like, as soon as I saw it, my mind went blank.

 Like, I was coding, I was writing the code on like pen and paper.  Like, my hand was literally shaking.  I was so nervous.  My hand was shaking.  I could not concentrate at all.  Now, I was like, okay, fuck.  I can't think of the optimal solution.  My mind just went blank.  And I was like, okay, I'll just do the brute force solution.  And I, yeah, I was trying to like code up the brute force solution on pen and paper as the guy was like watching me.

 And he was very, he was very nice.  And there were a few times where I had like really, really sloppy bugs, mostly because I was nervous.  And I could tell that I was just nervous.  Because logically, like I knew what was going on.  Like I explained the solution.  He's like, yeah, that'll work.  So start coding it.  And yeah, I think he cut me some slack.  And he would point out the mistakes.  Like, oh, did you actually mean to do this? And I was like, oh, yes, sorry.

 So he was really nice about it.  But I was like, damn, I bombed so hard.  And there was like two more interview rounds.  And I think I did better on those two.  There were three rounds in total.  But I thought because of the first round I'd failed.  And then I went like, I was taking the flight home that same day.  And I was so sad.  I was so depressed.  I was like, damn, this was like the only interview I had.

 And now I failed.  And like the next day, I got a call from the recruiter.  I picked up the phone.  And I was like, hey, how's it going? And they're like, hey, congratulations.  You passed the interview.  This is your offer.  This is how much money you're going to make.  And like afterwards, I was like, holy crap.  I just like fell into my bed.  And when I say bed, I don't mean actual bed.

 I had a mattress like on the floor.  I fell into the mattress on the floor.  And I was like, oh, my God, I did it.  And how much did they pay? I don't remember.  So it was a 10 week internship.  And I think I made like 19, I think I made 18,000 in a 10 week internship, 18 or 19,000 in a 10 week internship.  So it was a lot of money.  I think like probably like 50 bucks an hour or something like that.  Like per month, it was like 7,500.  So like for me, like the only job I had before that was making like $13 an hour or something like that as like a math tutor.

 So I was like, damn, like to me, I was like, this is life changing money.  And yeah.  That's the story, I guess.  I don't know if you guys have any other questions.  Does anybody even listen to that? Yeah.  You You You You you you you this is ridiculous it actually stopped please my internet don't fail me dude i don't know i really hope it's still recording the video i believe it is recording the video i'm pretty sure okay we did not stop i just went to the bathroom we did not stop we did not stop the stream stopped but the video is still recording okay we will rise again we will rise up dude what the fuck why is it not working why did my internet go out kind of shit is this god damn dude the worst possible time this is ridiculous i just reset the router i'm waiting for it to come back i mean you see you guys see the clock it's still going nothing stop this is why i'm recording it on my own this is why i'm recording it on my own i don't trust my internet my computer is still recording fellas my computer is still recording so god damn why so many bugs why there's so many bugs and why there's so many bugs fucking internet dude is it back why god damn i'm sorry i blame this on calmcast fucking calmcast dude are you kidding me this didn't even happen the last time i'm just talking to myself at this point this isn't magic is it back maybe back baby Hey, can people see? Can people see this thing? Is anybody there? Is anybody there? I am going live.  Hey, people are back.  That was not my fault, dude.  Okay, you know what? The good thing is the silver lining is the clock did not stop.  The clock did not stop.

 And the recording did not stop.  So we have the proof.  And we're not going to talk about this.  We're never going to talk about the fact that the stream cut out 18 hours in.  We're not going to talk about that.  Anybody who talks about that is going to get parma banned.  Okay.  Just want to make sure we're clear.  I just want to make sure that we're clear here.  What the fuck is YouTube studio doing? Why can't I find my stream? Okay.

 What talk? Yeah, exactly.  We're not talking about it.  God, I was in the middle of the story, too.  Did I finish the story? Was anybody listening? Thought capital one got you.  Yeah, we're saving the stream.  I promise you that I just checked the recording.  The recording did not stop.  I'll show it to you, dude.  Look at this.  18 hours.

 18 hours.  Look at that.  Did not stop.  Did not stop.  I got this whole thing, baby.  I got the whole damn thing.  But you were talking about the math tutor job.  Oh, I was like, damn.  Okay.  I'll finish it.

 So basically, I picked up the phone.  The recruiter told me you got the offer.  You're going to make a lot of money.  You're going to make like 19,000 and 10 weeks.  You're going to make 19,000 and one summer.  That's like, damn, I can just pay my student loans.  Yeah, that's pretty much what it was like.  It was crazy.  That's the end of the story.  The funny thing is, towards the end of the story, the chat stopped moving and I was like, maybe nobody cares about the story.

 And I was like, wait.  Now my internet's not working.  That's so unfair, dude.  That's so unfair.  It's not fair.  It went out for like a few minutes.  Freaking calm cast, dude.  That's garbage.  Kind of garbage is that.  Damn.

 Anyways, what were we doing again? Sue the internet provider.  I wish.  I wish.  Let's just blame calm cast.  Internet is as tired as you.  You would think the internet would not go out at nighttime.  Nobody's using the internet at this time.  Except me.  I'm going to go touch some grass.  You know what? I don't think I will.

 I don't think I will.  Try.  Thank you so much for the donation.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Did you get a housing stipend? I didn't, but I had free housing during that.  That summer internship.  It was nuts.  Like Capital One, I had a very good experience with Capital One.

 I'm very grateful for that opportunity.  You know, a third of the way there, we can be happy with 50 problems.  We can be happy with that.  I'm very grateful for that.  I'm very grateful for that.  Where are you from? I'm from, like, I pretty much from Washington State, Seattle area.  My family is from New Delhi.  I only work with Temple, OS, Windows, or Linux is not for me.  What are the programming languages that you know? I would say the main ones JavaScript, TypeScript, Java, and Python, a little bit of C++, but I kind of forgot a lot of the complicated stuff.  Southwest Washington, interesting, like Vancouver area.

 Where you say it's best to focus on one goal rather than two to four, I think generally speaking, yeah.  It's better to prioritize something than to, like, do a little bit of everything.  Yeah, exactly.  Don't dox me, bro.  I mean, I can't dox you from that from one comment.  Can you give me a brief on the code execution environment you built for the site? Well, I don't know if you've already watched the video or not where I talk about it, but I think that's probably going to answer your question.  This video I made.  Yeah.  Yep.  But yeah, so we don't talk about what happened earlier.

 And you know, with this stream, we rose from the dead.  We literally came back to life to finish this stream.  Okay, I'm not, I could have went to sleep.  I could have pretended like, oh, sorry guys, my internet went out.  I can't continue the stream.  No, not not going to happen.  I'm back here and I'm going to be here until the time's up.  No matter how much we have to suffer.  Okay.  We suffer together.

 We are going to suffer here together.  Because we deserve it.  We deserve this.  How much you earn from YouTube? Not as much as you think.  I think I made like this month.  I made like two million views this month.  I probably made like 5,000.  It's a lot of money.  But you know, like for YouTube where YouTube channels die very quickly, it's not, you know, you're not going to get rich off of that.  And especially in the Seattle area, that's not a lot of money.

 It's not a lot of money to survive on.  Say the intro.  Hey, everyone.  Welcome back.  And let's write some more neat code today.  Does anybody think the intro is cringe? Because I started it.  I just started saying it as a joke.  I didn't think.  Do you think the neat code? Video neat code intro is cringe? I don't know.  I mean, I've done it so much that I can't start a video unless I do that.

 Like it's so like ingrained into my brain.  Like, hey, everyone, welcome back.  It's not cringe.  I'm glad you guys think that.  Even if you're lying to me, I still appreciate it.  It's not cringe.  Okay.  Nobody ever told me it was cringe.  But I don't know.  I just felt like it was cringe.

 But speaking of cringe, who wants to check out my LinkedIn? I feel like I've plugged this way too many times at this point.  I don't even care anymore.  I haven't even checked LinkedIn.  Okay, let's not spam, guys.  I should add the slow shot.  What's a lexagraphically smaller string? Probably just alphabetically smaller.  I don't actually don't even know what lexagraphically means, but there's some ordering to it, I guess.  Why even promote LinkedIn? I don't know.  Though it's just like, I feel like everybody's doing it.  Like, LinkedIn is huge.

 And honestly, it's kind of easy to grow on LinkedIn.  Like, you just write a few paragraphs, take a selfie picture of yourself, and then you get like a thousand, you get hundreds of thousands of impressions, whereas like a video, like I gotta fucking spend hours, weeks sometimes making a video, and you still don't get views.  LinkedIn is comparatively pretty easy to do.  I don't know if it helps me at all, but yeah, most people hate LinkedIn influencers.  Yeah, I don't know, I mean, it's like somebody's gonna hate you no matter what you do.  Like what should you do? Should you just live your life like sitting in your closet all day and just never say anything, never have an opinion, and then nobody's gonna hate you? Is that worth it? I don't think so.  LinkedIn posts be like agree.  Damn, now 18% of people think it is cringe.  Like what? What happened guys? Are you guys just joking? The intro's not cringe, come on.  Why is Amazon not mentioned here LinkedIn? I was only there for like two months.

 I didn't think it was worth putting it on my LinkedIn.  I didn't put it on my resume either.  I think what instead of putting it on my resume, I should just call myself X Google X Amazon.  That has a pretty nice ring to it, doesn't it? X Google X Amazon.  Get some sleep.  Do you think I'm gonna get some sleep now after I came back from the dead to finish this stream? Your last video was very heart touching.  I appreciate that.  I feel like it was pretty dark.  It was a pretty dark video.  And I'm kind of surprised that people are as positive as they are.

 I wonder if there's any people mad about it.  There were some people mad about it on blind.  I don't know why, but yeah, I don't really care.  Like what kind of life do you wanna live just making everybody happy? Trying to please everybody.  I don't think that's possible.  Just not possible.  I got the end of the day.  The worst thing I ever did was make a cringy video.  It's not like I went out here and like, you know, actually went out and like hurt people for no reason.  If the worst thing you've ever done in your life is made cringe content, you're probably not that bad of a person.

 Okay.  Do you need another child? Do you have a child? I have family and say isn't that good? Yes.  heard of that is that that's a YouTuber isn't it who is that oh damn he's huge okay this is kind of cringe like just looking at the picture you know what I take back what I said like being cringy is like the worst thing in the world okay I don't really know what I'm looking at how is he so popular how is this guy have a million subscribers what does he do and he's just one of those people who makes those like viral videos that nobody really likes but they still go viral like does anybody like this type of video top five programming languages to learn in 2020 like I just don't get the appeal I just don't get the appeal like the only person who would watch a video like this I feel like is somebody who doesn't know how to code because if you already know how to code why would you watch this video top five it's like it's just gonna be garbage so it's Java swift sequel JavaScript and Python okay Python JavaScript Java sequel like literally the most popular languages the only ones that are like opinionative opinionative are sequel which I mean sequel is pretty damn popular like it's very widely used back in data scientists whatever swift is a little bit debatable because as far as I know it's just iOS development isn't that but I mean whatever like okay like you really learn anything like if you're if you're just learned how to program chances are you're already using either Java or JavaScript or Python like aren't those like the three most popular languages for beginners like yeah sequel is a query language yeah but I mean I can see why they put that there but it's not like you only learn sequel like you don't just learn sequel and not learn anything else but I mean yeah what I mean clever programmer I have nothing against him he's just making videos that people want to watch and I guess help people I'm not hating on him I don't know anything about him I'm just talking about that type of content like people will make videos that are like very very geared towards like beginners like videos that only that I'm in my opinion only people who don't already know how to code will watch like like when you see viral videos like this how I would learn to code if I had to start over so many people made this video like three million views and many people have made this video five million views right Nick White made it 800k views and I'm not hating on any of these creators but just think about it three million views she was I think the first one who made it look at this she made it two years ago and look at that thumbnail look at the thumbnail and I think everybody else just copied her again Nick White not hating on Nick White but does look like he took a little inspiration I guess these people had more original thumbnails but that looks like the title look at that title how I would learn to code if I could start over in parentheses same video same video same video same video and I guess she was the first one who did it as far as I can tell oh another same video every reason took the same video and bre made it now do tell me do you think somebody who's been working let's say they graduated they've been working as an engineer for two years why would they watch this video they already know how to code the people watching this video are people who don't know how to code they're people who are maybe in different job families they're trying to learn how to code so like they want to know what's the best way to do it and yeah that's I that's my hypothesis that's my opinion I could be completely wrong but I'm pretty sure that's how it is and yeah that audience is large that's why people make these videos but they're very hit or miss like I bet a lot of people have made this video but you don't see the ones that didn't get any views like at the top we only see the ones that got a lot of views but there's a lot that don't get a lot of views and it's because it's very random whatever I don't know maybe I'm wrong it's oversaturated I think but whatever I'm just trying to do anything except solve leak code problems at this point okay even if we have to start a few beefs along the way it's worth if we don't have to solve any more leak good problems today okay fireship is god I love fire show have I you know have I taken inspiration from fireship maybe once maybe once or twice but fireship is insane thoughts on Nick White I like no why I have nothing wrong I have nothing against them I like him he seems like a nice dude but I don't really know him either why high quality tech people are so obsessed with YouTube it's kind of a bubble like not a bubble but like the answer is people aren't in tech aren't obsessed with YouTube of course you're gonna see the people that are but there's a lot of software engineers they're not making YouTube videos and think about why like if you're especially there's not a lot of senior engineers making YouTube videos it's usually new grads and people like me or whatever it's not senior engineers it's not principal engineers why do you think a senior or principal engineer is not making YouTube videos because when you're a senior engineer you already make a lot of money you make 400 K 500 K principal engineers make more and if you're gonna do something like a side hustle you're probably gonna do a startup and make a lot of money so why would you take a risk and make a YouTube channel and even if you become successful people are just gonna hate on you anyway like yeah so why would you take a risk to make to to make money and you're probably just gonna make more money in software anyway like as a software engineer so why do it yeah and usually the people who do it they do it either for the money or for the fame I think people who really just want to put their face out that they want attention they like having followers they like bragging about it like in their like LinkedIn bio they'll literally have their follower account in their LinkedIn bio I've seen it so many times like by the way I have 150 K followers on LinkedIn because you can't just click my profile and check I have to put it in my bio so that every time I leave a comment people see that it's kind of weird to me but whatever I'm not naming anybody in particular what's the reason you do a leak code in Python Python is just the easiest language by far who's saying Nasser is a principal engineer and he makes videos and courses yeah I love him too but when you look at his videos he could get way more views he could get way more viewers but when you look at his channel it's very clear he makes videos because he enjoys it he's not doing it for the money he's not doing it to be famous look at these videos you think if he wanted to get views he could make some video like how I learned how I would learn to code if I had to start over he's not making those videos because he doesn't care he actually likes what he does he likes the back end like performance stuff databases he likes talking about the technical stuff he makes hour long videos talking about stuff that most people don't care about but he cares about it and a small number of people care about it and it works for him I think this is a much better strategy when it comes to YouTube do what you enjoy and do something niche rather than try to appeal to the wide audience look at his channel he gets pretty consistent views on his videos but those other people and he probably doesn't even edit these videos very much but yeah those other people their channels probably die very quickly because they appeal to people who don't even know how to code do you think they're gonna like become long-term viewers probably not you blocked him because he's annoying is he really annoying I don't know I don't really watch his videos too much anymore but the ones I did watch I enjoyed them are you gonna record this yep I'm recording this right now yeah Brad Traversey he's fine I mean I don't know he's he's fine I used to watch his videos when I was like in college just trying to learn about like web development and stuff but um yeah I mean I don't know what else to say his videos are good he's got it making tutorials tech stack behind neat code I did make a video about it basically thumbnail kind of describes I use stripe firebase functions fire store just everything about firebase I use that oh my god my throat do you know primagen I know like very little about primagen As in like I mean I know about him I just don't know him personally I like one interaction with him.  He's nice.  I mean he reacted to my video once.  I don't know this was playing.  Yeah like I like this guy as well Josh tried coding because he makes videos that are like hard not hardcore but that's how I refer to them.  They're niche they're targeted.  He knows his audience.  He knows the type of person who's going to watch this video.

 He knows that they're a developer they actually enjoy developing.  They're probably not into data structures and algorithms like me and you guys.  They're probably not the types of try hards that are trying to get into fang.  They probably just like development and they're just they're the type of people who like to learn 12 run in frameworks to create a form.  Those are the types of people.  Those are the types of people that he's targeting probably.  Prime works at Netflix by the way I've heard.  Yep I've heard that.  We still have five hours left and I feel genuinely ashamed of myself because I can't do any more problems.  We only got to 40 and you know there's going to be haters.

 They're going to say oh wow Nick Coase is not even that good at leak code.  He only did 40 problems in 24 hours and you know what there's some truth to that but at the same time Go Lang is just such an awful language okay it's such an awful language.  Yep yep Yep What do you think about Salesforce developer? I don't really know anything about Salesforce developers.  I don't even know anything about Salesforce.  I thought it was a CRM software.  So companies use Salesforce products or their service or whatever and then they need to hire specific Salesforce developers to like implement that software is that what we're talking about because what the hell like how are you going to buy software and it doesn't even like you have to hire somebody just to use it.  I guess that's kind of common thoughts on trend black haven't had much interactions with him either in terms of just like a viewer of the channel.  I thought his videos were pretty funny.  Thought his videos were pretty funny.  Trend black expose like you know his exposed videos were pretty funny.

 You know actually somebody tried to expose me on Sack.  I wonder if I can find that.  Damn I don't even know about those.  Who's this? Who is this? Weird.  Well anyway somebody tried to expose me a while back.  They like message me on discord or something.  They're like, I'm going to make a video about you.  Do you have any comment and then he just uploaded the video like he uploaded it like a few hours after he messaged me.  I didn't even have time to respond.  He very much didn't want to comment.

 He just wanted to like I don't know whatever what's your opinion about AI will replace jobs.  It doesn't really seem like that's going to happen anytime soon as far as I can tell.  I cannot speak Hindi.  Can you set me a referral for Google? I mean I don't work at Google.  So it's going to be kind of hard.  When will you come to India? Who knows? Oh yeah that's it.  How did you know? Is the video by Alex Bianchi? I think it is.  Let's see can we find it? I'm not going to watch it but it's like yeah.  It's got to just look at this guy whatever.  I'm going to be light.

 Did he delete the video? No it's right here.  Look.  Look how how am I going to be grouped in with Teclid? Bra like I made 500 free videos.  Free.  I made this site.  This road map is free dog.  This is free.  All these videos, all this code is free.  Like how are you going to group me in with Teclid? Dude ex Google ex Facebook ex husband Teclid? Like come on whatever dude.  Like I guess views are hard to come by these days.

 Some people do anything whatever whatever.  Nothing wrong with this guy don't hate on him.  I'm just making jokes.  Okay.  Do not.  Don't take it too seriously.  Okay.  We're just screwing around.  We're 18.  We're 19 hours into this stream.

 We're already half dead.  And you know.  How you learn data such as the algorithms in the beginning? I think I had.  I mean when you learn programming, you kind of learn the basic data structures.  At least my classes taught me.  I learned C and C++.  Those are my first languages at the same time.  I learned what like a raise where I learned about memory allocation, learned about string manipulation.  I learned about linked lists and allocating the memory for those data structures.  I learned about binary search trees.

 And those are like the very basics.  That's like the fundamentals that you need.  I don't think you need to know like everything about like heaps and how to implement heaps.  And you don't need to know shortest path algorithms and all that stuff before you like get into leak code.  It's not bad to learn those things, but I don't think you need to.  You can learn them as you go.  I have 1000 votes with 450 viewers because a lot of people would join the stream.  Stay for a few minutes and then leave.  Like the total number of like earlier, the stream before it cut out, we had 80,000 views.  So roughly 80,000 people probably less than that tuned into the stream.

 And then eventually left.  So a lot of people will come in vote on the poll and then leave.  I'll end the poll by the way.  Okay, it's actually 5 a. m.  right now.  So let's create a poll.  Where are you right now? Are you in North America? Are you in South America or Africa? I can't spell this thing, man.  Are you in Europe or Australia? Or are you in Asia? I think we're probably still going to have quite a few people from Asia.  Maybe some people in North America on the east coast are starting to wake up.

 So we'll be getting some North American people.  What about buying books about algorithms and data searchers instead of starting leak code? I mean, if it works for you, I think for most people though, using books is more complicated.  It's less interactive too.  Like if you're even if you are going through a book, you should do like the practice lessons and stuff that they have in there.  You need it to be interactive.  You can't just learn by reading.  Oh, read your super chats.  Are there super chats? I don't see them.  There were originally.  Overall though, I'm definitely, I don't mind to go.

 Now that I know it's like a seed language, I can't really be mad it doesn't have the built-in data structures.  I'm more mad at myself for not knowing.  It's very annoying.  But yeah, like, yeah.  I don't know.  But at the same time, why would anybody ever want to use go or leak code? Why would anybody do that? Unless you don't know any other languages.  But who learns go is their first language? There's nothing wrong with that.  But like, I feel like you'd probably want to learn a really common language.  Go isn't that common is it? Even at Google, it's not that common.  I promise you.

 I don't have the numbers to back it up, but I promise you like Java and C++ are infinitely more common at Google just because of all the legacy code.  Go to sleep.  Bro, not this again.  Not this again.  What about C-sharp? I'm pretty sure it's not.  It's made by Microsoft, so that.  How much do you make with your need code courses? I don't really talk about money generally speaking.  We're not going to answer that.  But yeah, I appreciate the donation.  Thank you for the donation.

 Do you know striver, Bong time, when? Do you know striver? I don't know striver.  I know of him.  I don't know him.  Is there worth doing open source or just need code or apply to get a job? I think I think it's worth doing open source.  You'll learn a lot from doing it and hopefully you'll enjoy it too.  You might find that you enjoy it.  You might find that like the community aspect of it is fun.  I don't know.  I've never really done open source though.  I'm more of a loner.

 I don't know who mush.  I'm a Danny.  I'm a Danny is.  Can you swim? Not really.  Not really.  I'm trying to get like dizzy.  It's not from not going to sleep.  It's just from like sitting here all day.  Reading chat and solving these problems.  That's why I just can't do it anymore.

 I could solve more problems.  I might be able to get to 50 problems.  If I push myself, I might be able to get to 60.  I probably couldn't get to 69 if I wanted to.  But I don't think it's worth it.  I'm going to die.  Not die, but I'm going to like, I don't know.  I might puke or something.  I'm too disorientated right now.  Will you go back to fang or neat code is enough money? I will most likely go back to a job at some point.

 I wouldn't mind going back to Google, but at the same time, I wouldn't mind trying something new.  I think I would rather try something new.  Just to see a different how things are done differently at different companies.  Ironically, I wouldn't mind going to Amazon to be honest.  I honestly wouldn't take wise at least.  I don't think Amazon is too bad if I got to it like a decent team.  Yeah, meta.  Amazon is the worst.  I didn't bash Amazon though.  I really didn't.

 I could have done a lot.  I could have said a lot of things.  I could have talked about how I had a person.  I don't even know what it was called.  It was a mentor or buddy or something on my team who was supposed to help me onboard.  And dude literally just told me don't ask questions.  And he's just like I was like doing something.  He told me, okay, set this up, set up some Athena bucket in AWS.  Not a not Athena bucket.  But like set up an S3 bucket, hook it up with Athena, run some queries, whatever.

 And I was like, okay, which what what should I select for this option? And he's like, oh, shut up.  Just just do all the defaults.  Okay, fine.  I did all the defaults.  And then it didn't work.  I was like, why is there no data here? Thick me like an hour to figure out, oh, I'm in the wrong region.  I need to go to a different region.  That's where the actual data is.  And the dude could have told me that in 10 seconds.  What have taken him 10 seconds to tell me, oh, just go to this region.

 But he's like, no, don't ask me questions.  My time is too important.  Screw you.  And so, okay, fine.  Like if that's just how it is.  Okay, that's how it is.  But yeah.  Like I was just that was literally the first interaction I had with the guy, the first interaction I had with him.  And okay, it's it's fine.  I got through that.

 I figured it out.  But if that's what it's going to be like the whole job.  And there's a bunch of tribal knowledge.  And you're not allowed to ask questions.  Like what the fuck? Like, there's just kind of shitty.  So yeah, I mean, I left all of that out in the video.  I could have, I could have, you know, talked about a lot of other things.  I could have talked about like how.  I mean, people would literally yell like people would yell.  It wasn't.

 I was there less than two months.  And people, you know, I heard people yelling.  It was a lot of toxicity.  People would be complaining like the senior engineers on the team would literally be complaining and just saying, oh, this is a thankless job.  The customers don't understand like what we're going through blah, blah, blah.  It was not a good team environment.  So I was, I was pretty generous in my description of what it was like working there.  How old are you? What university do you graduate from? You can.  One sec.  I'll give you my LinkedIn once again.

 Thank you for asking.  But I'm 25.  I graduated from Washington State University.  You can see that on my LinkedIn.  How do you deal with imposter syndrome? I don't think I really have imposter syndrome anymore.  I'm more just see, I try to see things the way they are.  Like I have certain strengths and I have certain weaknesses.  And if I really need to, I can work on my weaknesses.  Yeah, like most things in life, including software engineering are not a test of innate ability.  It's not a test of how smart you are.

 It's a test of how experienced you are and how knowledgeable you are, how hard working you are.  And things like that.  It's not a test of how smart you are.  There's a lot of smart people who don't go far in life because they don't put in the work.  And there's a lot of people who are not geniuses that go pretty far because they do put in the work.  You both worked at Capital One.  Or did you intern there or did you work there? That's cool.  If you intern there, I'm almost definitely never talked to you because during my internship, I didn't talk to anybody.  I didn't talk to anybody.  Why don't you work at Leet Code? I mean, they might give me an offer one day.

 Who knows? Oh, you joined as a TDP in August.  That's cool.  I mean, I think I left in August.  So I probably did not interact with you.  But that's cool.  TDP, yeah.  TDP programs seem to interesting.  Are you still at Capital One? How is that, by the way? How and how is your experience at Capital One? I'm curious to hear.  I'm genuinely curious to hear about that.  Because I thought Capital One was a pretty good company.

 I never worked there full time, but I wouldn't have minded working their full time at all.  What did they ask you in your interview at Capital One? I did talk about that, but I won't say the exact question because I don't even remember it.  But it was almost definitely like one of these easy binary search street questions almost certainly or something very similar to one of these questions.  I vaguely remember it.  You left 18 months ago.  Is there for two and a half years? I thought it was great, especially TDP.  Interesting.  Yeah, I thought that program was pretty good.  You get to like switch to team.  Not multiple teams, I think.

 But yeah, I thought the culture there was pretty good.  Overall, like the technology was also pretty good.  I think tech wise, I might actually enjoy the tech at Capital One more than the tech at Google.  Because at least at Capital One, you're using like Docker.  I don't know if you if they had Kubernetes, they probably did.  But I wasn't exposed to that.  But yeah, they're on AWS for everything.  Whereas at Google, everything's just internal.  We don't use Docker at all.  We don't use Kubernetes.

 We don't use a cloud service.  Right? The difficulty of your FANG interview questions.  FANG companies that I interviewed for.  Well, I don't know if Microsoft counts as a FANG, but I had a phone screen with Microsoft.  Question was really easy.  The question Microsoft asked me was this.  No, it was it was something this it was tiny URL.  And I answered it perfectly.  I it was I didn't have to code up.  He just asked me for my like verbal explanation of how I would solve the problem.

 This was the question in the Microsoft phone screen.  I did I thought I did it perfectly.  And I still got rejected.  The guy was like in such a bad mood.  He kept telling me like in the interest of time, how can you do this problem? Like it was a 30 minute interview.  And the guy just ended it after like 15 minutes.  Even though, like I thought I answered it correctly.  But whatever, I got rejected from that.  That was my experience with Microsoft.  I already made videos about my experience at my experience with my Google interviews.

 Like one, the first time I failed my Google interview, second time, I passed it.  Yeah, I had a pretty like in depth videos for those.  And the other one was the Amazon interview.  It was just an online assessment with a couple pretty easy problems.  And then like the final interview, the final round.  It was literally just one 45 minute call with a guy who asked me like to explain my code that I wrote during the online assessment.  That's it.  More dislikes than likes.  Yeah, that's interesting.  That's interesting.

 Wow, still going.  Yep.  I don't know why I genuinely don't know why.  But we are still going.  Yeah.  Can we get to 50? I give up, dude.  I can't do it.  You know what? I'll do one more.  Let's see.  Plus one.

 Give it a large integer represented as an integer array of digits, which digit is the Ith integer of the digit.  The digits are ordered from most significant to least significant.  And left to write the larger integer does not contain the large.  And there's just not can a leading zeros and preventing the large integer by one and return the resulting.  Okay.  The same bad.  This is not bad.  So here, okay, we add one.  So we add it to the ones place.  If there's a carry or if there's a over, yeah, there's a carry.

 We keep going.  We loop.  There's no carry.  We stop.  Is there ever going to be a point where these are all nines.  And we have to add another digit.  Is that going to happen? It looks like it is like this is going to happen.  So, okay, knowing that I think I can get this.  Oh, looks like somebody said I'm planning to start online course platform.  Can you talk about the video streaming third party service that you use on your website? Is it expensive? I use a Vimeo.

 It seems to be the most common one that people use most people use it, I think.  Or at least a lot of platforms use it.  It's not too expensive.  I think you have to pay like a hundred a year.  It's like the cheapest planner.  Maybe it's 80 bucks a year.  So depending on what you think of that.  Yeah.  Yeah, that's I think that answers your question.  But thank you for the donation.

 By the way, thank you.  Okay, let's do this.  Yeah.  Digits.  Let's just initialize our carry to one because we're always going to add that thing digits of I add the carry.  The new carry is going to be basically equal to digits of I divided by 10.  And also if this digit is greater than nine.  We have to make sure it's not.  So we take this and assign it.  Oh my god.

 You sign it to itself modded by 10.  At some point here, if carry is greater than zero.  We're going to need to add something on what are we doing? Can we return digits? So I pretty much grew up in America.  So I wouldn't really say I'm an immigrant.  But in terms of the culture, your experience might be different than mine because you're immigrating.  But for the most part, it's good.  Like most people are friendly, but yeah, I mean, of course there's going to be people who don't like you.  But like, I mean, that's be honest.  There are people even in India who are racist, who are sometimes discriminate for whatever reason.  So yeah.

 But I mean, yeah, I mean, you know, I've had some experiences where people are racist or whatever, not a lot.  But yeah, it happens.  I mean, most of it would probably be like not over like you wouldn't really notice that.  But yeah.  In terms of do you save more in terms of Indian rupees? Yeah, I think like when I took a trip to India, like US dollars will go pretty far in India.  Okay, so how do we add to the beginning of the list? How do we do that? Because I know a pen.  But pre-pending of values is just so horrible.  This is how you prepend a value.  So have my array of digits.  I have my value, which is the carry.

 So I just put that here and here and this is the carry.  So I'm actually appending this array to this array.  That's not really efficient, but what I'm going to do is I'm going to do this.  I mean, it's not really efficient regardless, depending to the beginning of the array.  Okay, so we have a test case of fails.  I. . .  Oh.  No, I feel like this works.

 Well, is the loop not executing? Or is this not executing? The carry is equal to digits.  Okay, so if the digit is nine and I add the carry, which is initially one, this is going to be 10, then I'm going to mod it.  So it's going to be zero, but that's not happening.  It's. . .  Oh, no, that's happening.  We have a zero here, so that's happening.  And now the carry. .

.  Oh, I should do the carry first.  I'm so dumb.  I'm pretty dumb.  That's my bad.  That's my bad.  perstreams yogos What? Category was this.  At plus 1 Alright, 41.  41.  After writing go for 20 hours straight, what's your opinion on it? I don't hate it as much as I did at the beginning.

 I'm beginning to understand the language more syntax wise.  Whatever like syntax is just syntax.  You'll get used to it whether it's good or bad.  But like I don't know, just as the language, it's not a leak code language.  But you know, other than that, it's fine I guess.  I mean, I would need to actually build applications with it and stuff.  Like I don't really know the language other than the syntax to be honest.  You have many offers which one should you choose? What are the offers I guess? What are the pros and cons? Please do another problem.  I don't know if I have it in me.  I honestly don't.

 What kind of pattern do you enjoy the most? I like graph problems.  They're kind of tedious to code up.  I don't mind dynamic programming.  I definitely hate like the tabulation solutions a lot because I was messed up like the edge cases.  The recursive solutions are so much easier.  Like almost always there's so much easier.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.

 I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  I'm not going to be able to do that.  You can see thearna number of steps here.  Yeah.  So I thinkhya Ach pilot installed this.  sleepy a little bit.

 Can you make a sleep stream? I don't think I will.  The 18-hour stream is not available.  Yeah, that's just what happens with YouTube, but I assure you I have the video.  I recorded the video this time, and I'll show it to you right now.  I got it.  I'm going to combine after the stream is over.  I'm going to I'm going to sleep first, but I'm going to take this 18-hour video and the video I'm recording right now and combine them together and I'll upload that at some point.  So it will 100% be there.  100%.  Yeah, YouTube doesn't auto upload it if it's greater than 12 hours long.

 What is TDS? I don't think I know what that means.  Yeah, this is not healthy, but it is what it is.  What do you think about Nikoi? I'm surprised so many people are asking.  I mean, I'll answer the question.  I already answered it, but I'm curious why you're asking.  Something happened or something? What's so interesting about Nikoi? But yeah, I guess to answer your question, I mean, he's nice.  He's a cool dude.  That's pretty much it.  I don't really know him very well.  Yeah, I don't really have much to say.

 He fell down hard when you call Melky to teach you go.  You know, the funny thing is, he's probably going to be waking up soon, isn't he? If he could have actually helped us, he could have actually helped us.  I really should have watched one of his videos.  Does he have some videos teaching go? He's a cool dude.  I've watched a lot of his videos.  He's a cool dude.  I don't think he would teach us go.  He's more of an actual developer.  He's not going to teach us how to do lead code problems and go.  Yeah.

 Is that him? Looks like a completely different person.  Where's he from, by the way? Does anybody know? Like what country is he from? I'm so bad at accents.  I can't tell like what his accent is.  No, he's not Canadian.  There's no way.  Is French Canadian? It definitely sounds European.  I thought he was like Eastern European or like one of the Nordic countries.  I don't know if I said that right, but you know one of the like the north east, whatever, one of those countries.  Oh, it says Canada, okay? I don't know.  Yeah, Scandinavian.

 Yeah.  That's what I would think, but I guess not.  I guess he's Canadian.  I don't know anything about code forces.  I've never used it.  Is there any course we should take or learn? Like CS algorithm classes, I think.  You should probably at least know the basics of data structures and algorithms.  Like things like sorting and binary search and stuff.  Like I have a course on it if you're interested, but yeah, the basics.  A hard, definitely worth knowing.

 Like you at 100% like before you start graph problems, like you do have to know what a graph is.  You should have a pretty decent understanding of like depth for search and breadth for a search.  Those are like this two most important algorithms and like all of data structures and algorithms.  But yeah.  Let's do this one.  What is this? I know the algorithm you start at every indexing expand outward.  Do you start at every pair of indexing expand outward? So for I, I don't need the character.  I don't know if I even need to have the second thing here, but whatever range.  And odd lengths and even length.  So here, okay, we want long as we say the result in this.

 Left and right are going to be equal to the same thing.  It's going to be equal to i and i.  Are there.  Why is Europe and Australia connected in the poll? I don't know.  I thought I should group them together because I have to group them some way.  I can only have four options in the poll.  I had to combine some of them.  How fast do you type it? I don't type very fast at all.  Love from Bangladesh.  Love you too.

 Thank you for attuning into the stream.  I'm sorry if I sound like I'm dying.  Some not.  I'm thinking this is Python again.  I get rid of that.  Characters are the same as left is equal to S.  Ask him to play the pirate king youtube video about sweet sailor.  Actually he's sleeping and we are just part of it.  Drink five monster energy drinks.  I'm going to save the rest of my energy for the end of the stream.

 I'm surprisingly more tired than I expected.  I ate a decent amount of food.  I drank a lot of water.  I can't speak to Lugo.  I have 6 months ago on self learned everything they know.  I'm going to save the rest of my energy for the end of the stream.  You know, I went to college and learned like programming for years and I still didn't feel comfortable With aspects of it So I think I mean it's just a matter of time and practice like Like there's very few people like the best programs you know They enjoy what they do and they spent a lot of time doing it.  It's not like they're born Being good at it.  It's not very few people.  I'd say almost nobody can just spend six months and just become like a Professional just to be good at everything And thank you for the donation I Appreciate it You Please Python please no Python Gotta sleep you play video games not much these days.

 I want to I want to play more, but I don't have time I Okay, I think I need to go get food or I'm gonna fall asleep and then we're gonna finish this problem and Tuna tuna tuna tuna tuna tuna tana tana tana tana tana tana Come on guys sing it with me All right, I'm gonna be right back You You You You You You You You You You They can mine aliens face chef He is Batman guys You Why should people keep saying bonk time why dude why Why You Room tour Let me just clean up a little bit It's not much of a tour I don't I don't want to show you guys my desk dude.  It's so It's so messy You Screet math series.  I think I will I don't know about a series like I'd rather just make like a crash course on discrete math Because it seems like a pretty niche topic and I don't think I need to make a super long Of video for that.  Yeah, a crash course.  I have to probably go back and review A lot of discrete math because I have a lot of it like in my head like some of the probability and statistics stuff There's some of it.  I probably want to relearn Before I make a video about it just to make sure I remember the proofs correctly like the induction Proof by contradiction And those types of things because it really does help you Reason about these problems Yeah, it isn't induction and dynamic programming like I Don't even know if I'm thinking of the right thing when I say induction, but like induction and prime a dynamic programming are very related very related So Some of you people have been in chat for a while I Like I noticed some of you guys.  I don't want to butcher your first name, but last name Tong You've been in chat for a long time.  How long have you been watching? bra How are you still alive? You've been watching the stream almost the whole time You You What are you eating? I'm eating cereal.  It's about time for breakfast.  So All right, I'm gonna finish this problem.

 I forgot about this problem Damn I legit feel like I'm drunk right now.  I feel like I'm high.  I should not feel like this Hmm Wait, what am I missing here? What am I even doing? Okay, I'm trying to get all windows of odd length.  I start here.  Okay, while it's While the substring is a palindrome I start expanding it right check.  Okay, great And I say Left and right are gonna be equal to left Minus one and right plus one I don't know why might be missing something here.  I feel like I'm missing something, but I don't I can't care Is that literally it? Okay, and then here we just return result I'm pretty sure I got some bugs, but let's see Hmm, okay, that's fine Oh, what are you trying to return the string she The longest substring down Okay Um Uh, I'll just call this result string I guess So every time we update the result, let's also update the result string even though honestly We we probably don't need that we could just take the length of this, but who cares whatever All right, this is gonna be S from left To right plus one Same Thing here and then we return result string Oh What are your favorite cartoons as a child? I like Tom and Jerry Um, I like the loony tunes like road runner I liked a lot of the I like every cartoon.  I love cartoons Like SpongeBob Especially the old SpongeBob You We're about in a man Let me update the count real quick and I'll then I'll answer that What are we on It was one DDP you long as pounder I'm excited for 42 Cool cool cool, but yeah anime I like DBZ Like you know like before I have my interviews Well, I haven't had a lot of interviews, but like before my Google interviews and before like my big interviews I would they'll just watch Dragon Ball Z clips to like hype me up.  I'm not kidding That's how I that's my secret to to passing interviews watch Dragon Ball Z clips I like this show.  I also like this show It shows really good you know ironically I Watch this show when I was a kid like I watched this when I was in middle school and you know This guy actually has a very similar story to me.

 He was a neat.  He also Had like paranoia.  He had like paranoid thoughts and he also hallucinated and stuff That's kind of funny Like I liked it before I can relate to this, but yeah, this show is really good I also like this show It's pretty good too Show goes hard Yeah You had paranoia kind of well, I mean yes, I guess What does neat in your name mean it stands for this Not an education employment or training Is it worth it to do leak code as an aspiring web dev I'm not sure I mean It's definitely not bad to do the basics because depending on you say you're aspiring web dev depends like where your like knowledge comes from like for example Are you self-taught? I don't think it's I really don't think it's bad to do Like as a beginner just do like maybe the first three easy's here like just do a lot of the easy problems on Leak code like they're not crazy and you learn a lot like It's not bad to have like a good understanding of like the fundamental data structures and algorithms It is 100% not bad to have that Even as a beginner like that kind of will set you apart from like other people who are self-taught now at the same time Do you really need to learn like 2D dynamic programming especially if you're not gonna interview that big tech probably not Probably not So yeah That's kind of my answer I'm pretty sure palindromic substrings is like almost the exact same return the number of palindromic substrings in it Okay, gonna go ahead and yank this code Cuz we just wrote it I'm not typing all that out again Can you show who you subscribe to on YouTube? I subscribe to a lot of people Let me just make sure that there's nothing crazy in here before I show it I want to make sure you guys don't see my other stuff No, this is pretty basic Yeah, this is what I'm subscribed to Can you speak Hindi now jeet? That's that's not my name.  That's not my name Yeah, this is this a podcast Don't even know what that is This guy's pretty good a life engineered This seems like funny thing is this looks like a like a tech lead video to be honest how to retire a millionaire I feel like that's different from the type of video he would normally may But generally this guy makes pretty good videos You You forgot to pin this comment because usually you're supposed to pin the comment up not me to click but goddamn so many bugs Like I thought having bugs in my code was bad enough now I have bugs You guys see that right like it's not just me like am I hallucinating or was that like this is weird right like Like what's going on? I know I see the report button, but like you guys see this right like this bug like I'm not just hallucinating right You guys see it right there's not just me right okay just making sure Because we're we're almost 20 hours in we're almost 20 hours in Yeah, should we put a classic tech lead video on Just just look at the videos of old tech lead dude just look at the videos from old Tech lead just just watch it just there's one in particular.  I want to show you guys Okay, this one's kind of funny you need to shut up and listen to me Okay, but okay, where is it? It's like a day in the life at Google.  He's like a completely different person dude Oh, look it's him and Kulmat Him and Kulmat remember when YouTube this is four years ago maybe five years ago I'll come to remember when like this is what making YouTube videos was like you just sit in a room with a mic and that's it Like you just get you casually get like a million views doing that nowadays everything is so oversaturated like I can't even find the video Where'd it go? I must have missed it tech lead Google day and Look look at this video.  He's a completely different person man It's just sad One of the cool things about working at Google is that you have access to every one of their offices in the world So today I'm heading to the headquarters in Mountain View Oftentimes I'll see co-workers taking a trip maybe to New York or to some other country And they might vacation a week and they'll work from that office for a week So that's one of the cooler perks of working for a global company I might go to Mountain View once every two weeks or so.  It's a lot more crowded They've got more food more cafeterias, but they've also got a lot more people and the traffic can be pretty bad getting in and out Let's let's check it out.  I wanted to show it to you guys See who wanted to show it to us he cares about us He cared about us it's time to find some breakfast What's the positive user Yeah All right, that was good there's the excellence smoothie place around here.  Let's go get some Oh Just look at that smile have you seen him smile like that in years? I have not seen him smile like that just look at that You All right This is the game room Do you do your great If you guys worked at Google would you ever go in the game room? I never saw anybody in the game room ever and I never really went there either I'm gonna make a poll So since I don't have a desk here, I usually just find one of these empty meeting rooms that I can work out of I'm gonna get a bit of work done here and I'll see you again at lunchtime All right, so now I'm on the bicycle I Heard there's a bowling alley somewhere, so I'm gonna go check that out and see if I can show it to you guys So we're on our way to the bowling alley and just taking a easy bike, right? Yeah, honestly the first few weeks you're here.

 It feels like Disneyland There's a lot of fun buildings to visit it's cool.  There we are So yeah, they wanted 15 to 20 minutes for a cappuccino, so I'm just gonna skip it That's pretty much that I mean It's just sad it's sad to see people fall so low Yeah, seems like all the old youtubers don't really do anything anymore my Yuko doesn't really do anything I don't think And I don't think Joe what does anything either So yeah Seven months damn Anyways, what are we doing again? Okay, we're on the sleep cut problem.  I'm in the Seattle area To be talking about new tech lead in death not really I don't really follow him much anymore Yeah, he was basically his wife left and he's he's kind of in a downward I don't know I mean maybe he's happy but It's unfortunate What are we doing again? We're counting the number of polynomials upstream so Yeah, I don't need to I don't think I need this so this problem is actually a bit easier So while this is a valid palindrome We don't need to take consider the window size we just need to increment result If it's really that easy, I'm gonna be pretty happy Nice 43 ain't bad 43 ain't bad.  I'd like to see you guys do 43 problems in one sitting Okay Sorry, I don't know why I'm mad at you guys you guys don't deserve this You guys didn't do anything wrong To a mock interview with one of your viewers, I mean I don't think I have the energy I mean I can have like two of you guys like interview each other and I can like watch and comment but Do you think some or all of these euchers lose the driver motivation? Probably, probably they stop enjoying it as much.  Because it's hard to make videos when you don't enjoy it.  It's very hard.  Let's meet on Omega.  Don't know what we need a change of mood.  I think you need the Adderall now.  The Adderall.

 The Adderall.  Uh-uh.  I just want to close my eyes and drift to sleep.  Man, how come I couldn't sleep this good last night? I don't sleep 24 hours after these.  I'll probably sleep like 10 hours.  Let's do a type racer.  To wake me up, you guys can join us.  Okay, this should work.  This link.  Can you click it? Wait, what? You might have to copy and paste it.

 You have to copy and paste it.  You can't click it.  Copy and paste the link in the. . .  . . . and that I just pasted and then open it if you want to race me.  I'm going to copy and paste it.

 Shit.  Fighting is hard work.  Where am I? Where am I? Oh, I was third place.  Damn.  This guy just rolled my ass.  You came in second.  Nice job.  This guy has an account.  This guy is not like a scrub.  This guy has an actual account.

 Damn.  I think a lot of you guys just joined really late.  We can do another one.  Or I guess we'll wait for you guys to finish.  Some of you guys are going pretty slow, man.  You're not even moving.  You're not even moving.  Okay, I'm going to leave the race.  I don't think I want to do this again.  I think I'm too tired.

 Why is Go such an awful language? I don't think it is an awful language.  I think I just misunderstood it as a language.  Man, what is going on? I know what I'm done.  Sorry.  We can find one more.  One more.  Okay, you can't click the link.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.

 Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.

 Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.

 Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.

 Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  Copy and paste it.  12th place.  Nice.  One more please fine on.  How do I restart it? Do I really have to wait? Do I really have to wait? I don't get it.  I can't do it.  I can't do it again.

 I just can't.  I can't do it again.  Is being a narcissistic person bad? I guess.  Probably.  Why? I don't know.  I don't know.  Don't you have any chores to do? No.  I don't really.  Hey, do you make TikToks if not? Can I repost your videos and profit? You can send me an example.  But I don't think you'll be making much profit.

 If you're trying to go for ad revenue on TikTok, I'm not making a lot.  But if you're good at making those videos, I might pay you to do it.  You can send me a sample if you want.  No, don't tell me to go to bed.  Are you high right now? No, but I'm definitely more tired than I was the last time I did this.  The only risk is at this point, like my inhibitions are really getting lowered.  And I'm so tired that, like, I feel like I might say something I shouldn't say accidentally or something.  So I'm going to try not to do that.  Release your inhibitions.  Feel the rain on your skin.

 I'll see, like I'm doing it now.  I'm singing.  I should not be singing.  Okay, that's like the first thing I shouldn't be doing.  So, yeah.  This is not good.  Sleep code.  Are you on drugs? No, I'm not.  You sound nice.  Please sing, talk and hindi.

 You look cute.  Appreciate it.  When you usually go to bed, I try to around like 10 or 11 o'clock.  I try to.  I can't.  I can't.  I can't.  I can't.  What places have you visited outside the states? Sorry, I passed out for a couple hours.  That's okay.

 I don't blame you.  Not everyone following to be honest, I'm about to pass out too.  If I pass out, like, you guys need to do something to wake me up.  You need to.  Is that good? Yes.  Weirdest person you came across at Google or Amazon? Weirdest.  I mean, most people were pretty reasonable.  I mean, this isn't weird or anything.  But maybe I told this story last stream.  We will wake you up.

 Appreciate it.  or sometimes they're not coding, they're just watching YouTube.  Now, there was a guy on my team.  He was sitting right next to me, his desk's right next to mine.  I see he's scrolling YouTube and I'm like, okay, whatever.  It's just YouTube.  And then for a second, I saw one of my videos on his home feed.  And I was like, oh no, please don't click that.  And I was so scared he was going to click it.  And then I was going to start cringing.

 If he started watching it while I'm just sitting there, I just got up and went to the bathroom.  Like, I just wanted to not be there if he watched one of my videos.  And I came back and he wasn't watching it.  He didn't watch the video, thankfully.  And yes, that's not really a weird story.  It's just a funny story, I guess.  I mean, this one's kind of weird.  So somebody messaged me.  I hope they're not watching right now.  I hope the person I'm talking about isn't watching right now.

 But somebody who worked at Google messaged me on Discord.  They said, hey, I work at Google too.  This is my username.  And they did.  They were not lying.  They did work at Google.  And they asked me like, hey, I'm working on a project.  Like my project or something is about, it requires some algorithm for routes.  Like, I think it was like for Google Maps or something like that.  He needed to do some project or some algorithm to do something related to maps.

 And he's like, hey, you're really good at algorithms and data structures.  Can you help me do this? First of all, if you have a work assignment, you don't just go ask people on Discord to help you.  That's number one.  And number two, bra, I do leak code problems.  I don't know what kind of project you're working on.  I'm just out here doing like Dijkstra's shortest path.  Like, I don't know like the stuff he's working on.  Like, what? He was, I just can't believe it.  I was shocked.  Like, somebody actually asked me that.

 Somebody who works at Google asked me to help them with their work.  And, you know, I don't want to say this part of the story, but like a few months after that, I got a message from them.  And they said like, hey, I was impacted by the layoffs.  And like, I didn't really know what to say.  I don't know what to say.  I mean, I feel for him or her.  But, uh, yeah, I don't know.  Like, I don't know what would you guys do in a situation like that? Obviously it's sad, but like, I don't know.  Like, no, I don't think it's my fault, but it's like, it's like, I don't know.  I just don't know.

 You have just lost the subscriber.  Just say sorry.  Yeah, but I don't know.  That's like, I got to work on my social skills maybe.  Did you reply to them? I actually didn't reply to them.  I just didn't know what to say.  Because if I replied to them, then they're gonna be like, oh, you saw the other messages too.  Like, I don't know.  He should have taken the app.  Social skills.

 This is a coding channel.  Yeah, I guess.  Yeah, I mean, we all need help sometimes.  I understand.  Yeah, I don't know.  I mean, I'm not even saying I got he got laid off like, there was a lot of people I got laid off.  It wasn't necessarily like performance reasons or whatever.  There were a lot of people that got laid off.  Don't you feel lonely at times? I mean, I don't think I do more than like anybody else.  Like I, I don't know about you guys, but of course, like everybody needs social interaction.

 And like, yeah, I have people in my life and like, I'm definitely trying to be like more social.  But like, I can literally spend days in a room by myself without interacting with anybody, without making a phone call, without talking to anybody.  Like, I can literally do that.  And sometimes I feel like I need to do that.  At least spend like two days not talking to anybody.  It just helps.  It like helps you.  Like, I don't know.  When you're around other people a lot, there's like a lot of noise.  Like, they kind of influence you.

 They get in your head.  But when you're alone for a couple days, then like your true self comes out.  Like, all of their influences go away.  You can just actually like focus on what you care about.  Damn, surprise a lot of you guys are like the same way to be honest.  I guess, yeah, you guys are probably introverted too.  Let's make another poll.  Are you introverted or extroverted? Let's see.  Are you introverted or extroverted? That's the reason you're hair, I guess.  Yeah.

 Yeah, you guys are all introverted.  What the hell? You guys want to do a meetup? We'd do a meetup and we probably just sit at like a table and nobody would say anything.  I've met people who say they're introverted and then you actually like hang out with them or talk to them and they're not introverted at all.  They're like, they don't stop talking.  They don't stop talking and yelling and doing everything like an extrovert does to be honest.  So I don't know.  Maybe you guys are just lying.  Maybe you guys say you're introverted, but you're not that introverted.  I'm only extroverted on drugs.  I don't know.

 Out of the 43, how many easy, medium hard? I did add a feature for that and it's going to be pretty embarrassing.  Oh damn.  Okay, in my defense, it's not my fault.  Like some of these problems are just not going to be solvable in the go-lang.  It's going to be way too tedious to solve them in go-lang.  I got social anxiety.  How to get out of the dynamic layout.  I'll show you, I'll show you right now.  So I'm in the dynamic layout now.  You got to go into settings.

 How do you do it actually? Now I'm screwed.  Now there's definitely a way.  Revert to split view mode, I think.  This button.  Yep.  So quite a lot of introverts.  Some of you guys say you're extroverted except around strangers.  Interesting.  Why is Nico so cute? Thank you.  Are you a first bencher at school? What does that mean? I can sports? Not really.

 I've only played for like one year in high school and then my knee got injured, unfortunately.  Have you gained weight since quitting Google? I think I'm about the same.  I'm like 175-ish pounds.  I don't know what that is in kilograms.  Yeah, I got to the gym.  I try to be consistent.  Today was my rest day.  And tomorrow I'm going to be spending sleeping.  Oh, I guess yesterday was my rest day.  Today is a new day.

 It's now 6. 30 am.  It's a Tuesday, right? Oh my god, it's Tuesday already.  Where did the time go? Where did the time go? Yeah, people always seem to be surprised how I'm still doing it, but I mean, yeah, I'm still alive for now.  I gotta do something on my phone real quick.  I'm gonna go back.  What's your username on Lake God? I don't know.  I'm on a throwaway account right now.  This isn't my real account.  I don't really have a real account where I do everything.

 I have multiple accounts, just for convenience.  No, it's not pre-recorded.  You have a girlfriend? No.  I don't mean to say that.  I hadn't like a sad way or anything.  I'm just saying no because I'm tired.  And I was asked that like 10, 20 times today.  Your inspiration.  Thank you.  I can hear the Windows 95 shutdown sound.

 You need one, want to get one.  I don't know.  Like I've had girlfriends that I just didn't like being around.  Like imagine you know you're out eating with somebody.  You're spending time with somebody.  And the whole time you're there, you're just thinking about man, I'd rather just be in my room because I don't really enjoy being around this person.  Just imagine that.  Like, is that worth it? I know like some of you people are like, oh, I just want a girlfriend.  I just want a girlfriend, but like then what? Like now what? Like what if you just don't enjoy it? Like, and it's not that I don't enjoy girls.  It's not that I don't enjoy people.

 It's that like some people are just not enjoyable to be around.  So yeah, I'd rather just, I'd rather be alone than not.  Like spend time with somebody you don't like being around.  It's not even about being annoying or anything like that.  It's just about not being able to relate to somebody.  It's not enjoying being around somebody.  You haven't met the one yet.  Yeah.  This your girlfriend have to be good at data structures and algorithms.  I mean, I think that's that's a given of course.

 Like I would not like I'm sorry, but my bar is too high.  Okay, you got it at least you have to at least be able to get through my medium question.  Okay, like we like just because I'm a nerd doesn't mean I don't have standards.  Okay.  Okay, I'm joking.  By the way, I'm joking.  I'm like I have, I don't know, I won't go into it.  I'm pretty reasonable.  Like literally, like the only standard I have is just enjoying being around somebody.  That's it.

 Like if you enjoy being around somebody, that's all that really matters.  If you don't enjoy being around with somebody, then you don't like nothing's going to fix that.  It doesn't matter how good looking they are.  It doesn't matter how much money they have.  You just don't enjoy being around them.  You can't fix that.  Ha ha.  I don't I see a lot of people laughing.  I don't know if you guys are laughing at me or with me, but either way, it is what it is.  If they're not beautiful, caring and sweet, I will not buy the dinners for them.

 Okay, man.  Okay.  Okay.  Okay.  I didn't say that by the way.  That wasn't me.  That was somebody in chat.  You ever get nervous? 100%.  I mean, everybody gets nervous, but I think the one thing that's different about me now than maybe in the past is like, I can be nervous.  I can like give a presentation like at Google, I had to give a lot of presentations and stuff like that.

 Yeah, you get nervous.  You know, you might stutter.  It is what it is, but like at the end of the day, it's like, like I'd brush it off.  Like I don't lose sleep over that.  I don't feel bad about it.  It is what it is.  It doesn't bother me at all.  Like nothing about that bothers me.  Like if I go out, I give a presentation, I make a fool out of myself.  I don't care.

 I'll laugh about it.  It doesn't really matter anymore to me.  And yeah, other people don't care.  Nobody cares.  Nobody cares.  Like, when you're giving a presentation at work, half the people aren't even listening.  I hate to break it to you, but nobody cares.  They're probably on their laptop checking their emails.  Nobody's even listening.  Then why the presentations for? It's a good question.

 I don't know.  Oh my god.  This guy keeps asking me longest relationship.  And it's so hard not to say his mom.  It's so hard not to say ask your mom.  It's very hard, but I'm going to take the high road.  I'm not going to tell you to ask your mom that question.  I'm not going to do that to you.  You kind of did.  Can you call out my name? I don't think I know how to pronounce that.

 Mega Derson.  I'm going to have probably just butchered that.  So sorry.  Do you think you can hit the 69 you wanted to hit? Do you mean the problem count or are you talking about something else? My man.  Because you worded that a little bit ambiguously.  Do you think you can hit the 69 you wanted to hit? Yeah.  I feel like you did that one on purpose.  I feel like you did that on purpose.  Are we friends? I guess I think all of us are friends, right? Right? Rose sitting on his ass instead of coding.  I know.

 OK.  Like if you want to make fun of me, I give you permission.  OK.  I won't say anything back.  If you want to dog on me for being lazy, I will let you do it.  I was friends until you said my mom.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sure she's a lovely lady.  OK.

 Where is your mom from? India.  Probably just like half of you guys.  I only see Indian people in the chat.  Finish 50 by switching to Python.  It's, it's, you know what? Do I do it? Do I do it? Because it's not even hard questions.  OK.  It's not even hard questions.  It's like binary tree level order traversal.  Are you kidding me? I can do these two in like five seconds in Python.  You know what? Fine.

 I'm going to do it.  And the embarrassing thing would be, what if I suck with Python too? Oh, no, it's already there.  OK.  Level order traversal.  Now I have like the ghosts and tax in my brain.  If it's literally just level order traversal, or it's a level of block, OK.  We want our array for every level.  OK.  Result is going to be this deck.  Is it deck? Yeah.

 Q is deck.  And root is root always non null.  No, it's actually null sometimes.  So if, if not root, we're going through everything in this level.  And we're going to say level dot append.  Q.  What am I doing here? Level order traversal.  But yeah, I'm going to focus on this.  But the lower source of my algorithm level, we want to split them by level.  How do I know when I get to the next level? How would I just save? Yeah, just for iron range, and then just pop that thing, pop left.

 I get the node.  And when I get the node, what am I going to do with it? Ultimately, I'm going to add it to the current level.  I'm going to say level dot 10.  And I care about the value node dot valve.  And I'm going to check if node is always going to be non null.  Let's assume that if node dot left, Q dot append node, if node dot right, Q dot append.  Right.  This is left.  Wow, Q.  That's more or less that I'm too lazy to dry run it.

 Oh, we might have a missing condition.  Let's see what we got.  Interesting.  It's because I never added the level to the result.  There we go.  Like, see, look at this beautiful language.  Look at this beautiful language.  I think I did that in like two minutes.  Such a beautiful language, Python.  Is this not a good advertisement for Python? What are we counting at? 44.

 What happened to go go? Is it is a go for an actual animal? Like what is a go for? Damn, they're real.  Huh.  They're not that cute.  I mean, they're kind of cute, but like could use like could should really brush their teeth a little.  They're kind of cute, I guess.  They eat dirt.  Right side view.  And this is the exact same problem.  I should have just copying paste to that.  Is this tree always going to be non empty? Number of nodes and trees in the range.

 Okay, it actually could be empty.  So if not roots, what's going on? This is go hell no.  Shout out tosy- Sure.  That's straight here.  think all of your meeting of Center could give me permission close to cute.  Yeah, I agree.  I agree with you.  Go looking funky.  Just like that, you give up on go.  They don't go doesn't have the data structure.

 What am I supposed to do? I'm pretty like familiar with the syntax now, most of it at least.  But like, like, it doesn't have a queue.  I mean, I could probably use an array, I guess, but I don't know.  What am I doing here again? So I want the right most node in each level.  Yeah, so it's a breadth for search.  And before I, okay, so here, I have a result, which is the, yeah, there's that.  And Python is love.  Can you tell the exact question? How does your brain still work? I'm kind of wondering the same thing.  Like, I admit, like, there are days where I work a lot.  I'll code for like 10, 12 hours, but I don't code 20 hours in a row.

 I haven't even been coding 20 hours right now.  This is rough.  What am I doing? Like, before I even enter this loop, I should just take this and append the last value in the queue.  And then here we pop q dot pop left.  We get the node if node dot left q dot append node dot blah.  Sad it.  Am I missing anything? I don't think I am.  What the hell? Wait, what do you, is that? Yeah.  Plus is not valid for the expected overturn type.  Oh, I added the node instead of the value.

 Nice.  And that's that.  Oh, my God, these heap questions.  I'm going to destroy these heap questions right now.  I'm going to absolutely destroy them.  Right after I catch my breath, of course.  Right after.  This is kind of therapeutic to be honest.  Just taking your anger out on leap code problems.  That's very therapeutic.

 Take a hit, brah.  Dude, I'm so tired.  I would pass out if I did.  Wait, is it you again? You're the same person from earlier.  But anyways, what's up, man? How's your daughter? My girlfriend's pregnant too.  I'm about to be a father.  I guess what I'm a caller.  I'm going to name her Bonnie.  You got some bad influence in chat.  I know.

 Trust me.  My girlfriend's pregnant too.  I'm about to be a father.  Keep going.  Keep going.  Please do a 24 hours Python coding.  If I have a daughter, I guess what I'm a caller.  I'm a name her saying.  It's the same exact guy from earlier.  He was at the beginning of the stream.

 He was literally saying the exact same thing at the beginning of the stream.  Okay.  How old are you? I'm 25.  Are you in the end? Yep.  I'm in the end.  Hell, no.  Old as fuck.  Yeah, you guys are probably younger than me.  Most of you.  Most of you little kids.

 25 and became a dad.  I'm not a dad.  The guy's just typing in M&M lyrics.  You look 19, bro.  It's usually when I'm clean shaved.  If I put the camera closer, you can see my beard is coming out now.  I don't probably look as young when I'm not clean shaved.  You look 16.  I don't know about that.  I mean, thankfully, I still have my hair.

 Like, I would not look good bald.  Like, some people look good bald.  I would not look good bald.  Like, I need to keep my hair.  Like, I need to protect my hair line.  Like, I need to protect my life.  Like, I need to protect my lead code rating.  I don't have my hair.  I feel you.  I'm at a pay phone trying to call home.

 All of my change I spent on neat code.  Do you have a girlfriend? No.  LSD made him younger.  It probably made me older.  Sliding window haircut.  Where have the times gone? It's all wrong.  Where are the plans we made for to? Why a girlfriend when you have leak code? Of course.  You did not just ask me if I'm single.  You did not just ask me that.  But we've been over this conversation, guys.

 Do you smoke now? Girlfriend and leak code both made you cry.  You have a boyfriend now, okay.  I personally don't roll that way.  Nothing wrong with that, but I don't.  That's not me.  You look like you're having a receding hairline.  It's very little though, okay.  It's very, very little.  Very little.  I'm like tiny bit.

 Okay.  My dad's side of the family has all of their hair.  So, I don't think I'm going to lose my hair.  I'm praying.  Bro, hit a nerve with the hair.  I hope I don't lose my hair.  Hop on the men, ox.  If I actually start losing my hair, I will 100% get a prescription or something.  Like, ASAP.  But so far, I haven't really lost much hair.

 It's like receded a tiny bit.  Like, I think everybody's hairline will recede at least a little bit.  Like, my dad's hairline is like a tiny bit receded, but he has all of his hair.  So, I think I'm good.  You can always use wigs, I mean, I don't know.  What is your dad there? I don't really have a relationship with him.  But he loves in India.  Balding is from the mom side.  It's actually possible.  You're not wrong.

 My mom side has some of them have not kept their hair.  So, it's 50-50.  Do you ever meet with your dad now? I met with my dad for like the first time this year, after like 16 years.  So, yeah.  I don't really have much of a relationship with him, but yeah, I met with him.  And I made sure to check his hairline.  Okay, that's kind of the main reason I wanted to meet with him.  And I did confirm that he does have his hair.  He does indeed have his hair.  You know, everything's fine.

 Drugs tear list.  How do you guys come up with this to have drugs tear list? What is your dad as tall as he's a little bit shorter? I think I get my height from my mom's side, probably.  Did you ever have a girlfriend? Yeah.  Why are you single? I mean, how do you answer that question? I don't know.  I mean, the obvious answer is like, I don't really meet a lot of people to be honest.  So, like, even if there were people I liked and they liked me, I would know.  I don't, I'm not out there.  I'm in here hanging out with you guys as you ask me these questions.  But yeah, I don't know.  Like, are you guys trying to hook me up or what? Or what? Like, what are we doing here? For how long were you in a relationship? It depends which one.

 But most of them weren't super long because, I don't know, I just didn't really care.  You prefer American girls or Indian? And, uh, have you mean like race-wise or just, uh, like from like which countries? I don't know.  I honestly, I don't know.  I don't know how to answer that question.  I don't really care too much about that.  You've ruined it.  I hope you can sleep and you dream about it.  When are you getting married? Yeah, question is that.  Like, you think I know? Like what? Come on, bra.  Like what, what you want? Arrange marriage for the when? I don't know.

 Imagine getting a range marriage.  And then you don't even like the person.  Imagine how many marriages are like that.  Like, damn.  Is it just a bunch of Indian people now? Or were you just talking about Indian stuff? That's the most Indian question ever.  Any tips for getting a remote job? How would it get a girlfriend? I don't really know about the remote job.  That's at least 50% of arranged marriages.  Yeah.  Um, we're supposed to solve lead good problems when we're talking about arranged marriage.  Yeah, I don't know how it always gets.

 It always comes to this.  Well, you need to shake it off.  Oh, well.  Okay, dude, how many times are you going to ask me how to get a girlfriend? How about somebody? How about if there's any girl watching right now, you help my man, Abhishek Singh, help my man's with some advice on how to get a girlfriend.  Okay.  Help him.  Please.  He's desperate, man.  He keeps asking me for advice.  That's how you know he's desperate.

 You can't get one like this.  LOL.  I wish my country do the arranged marriage.  It sounds so much easier.  What country is that? Honestly, I just assumed everybody who's typing in chat was Indian.  Is there anybody from a different country? Is there anybody from a different country? Can we change topics? Burma? Where is Burma? That's South Asia as well.  Is it not Myanmar interesting? That's a beautiful country.  That is a really beautiful country.  Wait, am I dumb? Is it Myanmar? What's Burma? Where is it? Like, is it on the map? Oh, yeah, Myanmar is Burma.  Interesting.

 Oh, you're from your in Texas.  Interesting.  Interesting.  Arrange marriages are a disaster.  Love from Egypt.  Oh, Taiwan.  You're black, like American black.  Interesting.  Yeah, I wonder what the rest of everybody thinks about this Indian stuff that we're talking about.  It's like watching people argue in front of you.

 You don't really want to get involved, but it's still kind of entertaining.  So you still watch it.  Yeah, even non-arranged marriages are hit or miss.  Like 50-50 is true.  But in a range of marriages, though, I could be wrong.  I don't know.  Maybe Indian culture has changed, but it's like, you're really not supposed to get divorced.  There's not entirely bad.  Maybe in American culture, people get divorced over the smallest things.  But if you're in a rough relationship, you should probably get divorced.

 With the Indian relationships, it's like, you got married.  Now, your speed running, have a kid as quickly as possible, like literally as quickly as possible.  And then once you have kids, then it's going to be harder to get a divorce.  So yeah, don't really understand the logic behind that.  But Taiwan.  What are we doing? What are we doing, fellas? Even with Python, I don't know anymore.  I genuinely don't know anymore.  I physically can't.  I physically can't.  It's like getting a ridiculous mortgage and encourages to work harder.

 What do you say to somebody who asks you? Do you like Melfs? Like, I know what I would say, but what do you guys say to that? Okay, I wasn't expecting a serious answer.  I was expecting like a your mom type answer.  Okay, forget I asked.  I'm sorry.  Forget I asked.  Forget I asked.  Okay.  Is there suffering almost over? No, we got another three hours.  Another three hours.  I am unemployed.

 I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  Go lang sucks.  Go lang is God.  I guess I might as well make my camera bigger.  You guys can see how tired I am.  You can see my receiving hairline more clearly.  That's okay.  How often do you cut your hair like every six weeks? Like one month, one and a half months.  Usually.

 Please like the stream guys.  Appreciate the roadmap idea.  How long do I take you to code it? Let me just show you the code.  How about that? How about we make a deal? You guys stop asking me if I have a girlfriend.  And I show you my code.  Okay.  I think that's a fair trade.  give me a sec.  Alright, so as you know, Angular is a very great framework and we have modules.  Modules are asked in Angular.

 The module system is kind of asked.  There's a roughly roadmap components.  I don't want to show you guys everything, so I'll have to find it.  Honestly, some of this is my fault.  On the naming, I named this pretty poorly, but yeah, this is the config that will decide the graph.  I use a framework just for the record.  Yes, he is a virgin.  What do you expect? That's verifiably.  He's a beast.  What was I doing again? This graph, the structure of it.

 What do you think I drew all of these lines myself? No, I used a framework.  I created the node.  Each node is just a progress bar and some text.  It is a little bit of styling.  You hover it.  The structure is this.  The root has an ID of 1.  It's a raise and hashing.  2 is 2 pointers.  ID of 2 has 2 pointers.

 Its parent is 1.  That's how they are connected.  Binary search has an ID of 6.  Its parent is 2.  It comes after 2 pointers.  Stack comes after 1, a raise and hashing.  Yes, it's pretty much as.  I did that for all of these.  Then you get a big graph like this.  Which whiteboard software do you use? I use Paint3D.

 I think I have it open.  That's this.  This is my super secret.  It's free by the way.  It's only Windows only.  Yes, that's what I do.  And you change colors.  I do this with a mouse by the way.  I have really good handwriting.  Not handwriting, but I have good control over the mouse.

 You can use Scaladraw also.  Why don't you use a tablet? It's easier using a mouse.  Do you know how precise you can do it? You can change the DPI.  Now it's going fast.  I don't draw like this.  It's too fast.  It's like you're playing a video game.  You make it less sensitive.  Look at this.  It's very precise.

 I can control it very precisely.  When I'm drawing, I can make it.  I can control Z.  I can undo it very quickly with my left hand on the keyboard.  I can redo.  I can undo.  It's easy.  I can't control it.  I can't do it.  You can use a mouse.

 Write some numbers.  Sure.  One.  Do you want me to write my signature too? So you can have that.  Which mouse? It's like a razor mouse.  I don't think they sell it anymore.  It was like 50 bucks or something.  Yeah, it's just a razor wireless mouse.  You're a P N girls vs American girls what? How would I know? Thanks for existing.  Start it from a ray now and trees following the knee code last.

 Thank you.  I appreciate it.  Good luck.  It's learning go length worth it.  I don't know.  I mean, hopefully you have a good reason to learn that.  Or maybe you're just doing it for fun.  What's your end goal? I don't know.  My end goal is to survive.  You're lucky to hand some.

 Thank you.  And thank you for the rose.  What is your purpose of life? I don't know.  Just enjoy it.  And I don't know.  Honey pot.  Stop making this depressing.  Yeah.  Are you enjoying it right now as in the stream or life in general? I'm pretty happy with both, I think, overall.  Like your back is not hurting.

 It's that reminds me I should really stand up.  Do you play video games? Not a lot nowadays.  Why do you guys play video games? Like what video games do you guys play? Because I used to play a lot of online games.  I kind of want to stay away from that because that's like pretty addicting for me.  But I wanted to play the New Zelda game.  Just haven't had time to.  Damn.  Runescape really? Do people still play runescape? I used to play that when I was a kid.  RPGs.  And I love RPGs too.

 I love RPGs.  Will you streams all this someday? Do people really want to watch me play video games? I mean, I'll do it.  I honestly will.  But I'd be surprised.  Runescape brings childhood memories.  Yeah.  Runescape is where I had my first girlfriend.  Tell us for the good old days.  She's kidding.  That mic looks enough.

 Not safe for work.  What do you think it looks like? Please go to sleep.  Has this in the first half? What? Wow.  Wow.  Wow is digital crack.  Yeah.  I never got into a world of warcraft.  But I heard the same thing.  Dude, please stop asking me European girls versus American girls because we all know you're not going to get either.  Okay.

 I'm sorry.  That was too mean.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I apologize.  Okay.  I shouldn't have said that.  I retract what I said.  I retract it.

 He deserved it.  I'm sorry.  I'm just tired.  Okay.  That's facts.  Now he's gone.  You watch demons there.  I watch like the first couple episodes.  I should watch it.  But I have not.

 Is it good? We can watch it on stream.  Well, we probably can't watch it on stream.  But yeah.  It's trash.  Yeah, I heard it's kind of polarizing.  Some people really hate it.  But I mean, it can't be that bad.  I feel like anything that's like that popular can't be that bad.  I mean, it can't be.  I don't know if you guys watched Sword Art Online.

 But that is just that is overrated.  Sword Art Online is overrated.  I like demons there seems pretty dark.  I like dark shows like that.  Sword Art Online was the bomb.  Yeah, maybe if you're like a kid, if it like, I don't know, man.  I don't know, man.  How much you earned from YouTube? Not as much as you would think.  Oh, dude, I don't even feel like I'm awake anymore.  Like this feels like a dream at this point.

 Usually I'm not this tired after 24 hours.  If you like dark anime, you should watch.  What's that? It's pretty cool.  Hmm.  Interesting.  Let's see.  Let's see your taste in anime.  Don't worry.  I won't be too judgmental.  It's actually looks pretty cool.

 The fact that it's not like super flashy, it seems interesting.  It was 10 years ago.  Wait, it's pretty long.  It's still ongoing.  Interesting.  Is there like an actual plot or is it the type of show that like it changes every episode or every season? This looks cool.  Ghost stories also known as.  Oh, you know what? That's a not that's not a bad recommendation.  No girlfriend even in dreams damn.  Oh, it's like five-minute horror stories.

 Interesting.  That's cool.  I also like Jujutsu Kaizen.  Hmm.  You can try Berserk.  Yeah, I actually watched the old Berserk anime.  Does anybody watch this? It's very dark.  It's very dark.  It's almost too dark.  Especially the ending.

 That was some crazy shit.  Yeah.  I don't know about this one.  I'm depressing, dude.  Don't watch it.  I already watched it.  I watched it pretty recently, actually.  It was very dark.  Griffith did nothing wrong.  I don't know about that, man.

 Like, are you talking about before the last episode? I don't know about that, man.  Oh, thank you so much for the donation.  Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.  Nisha, thank you.  Bro, do you know anything about India not much? I know that Crossing the Street is a huge pain in the ass in Delhi.  Watch Grave of Fireflies.  I watched that.  It's very good.  Grave of Fireflies.  Yeah, it's also very dark.

 It is a rough one.  Especially knowing that stuff like this, it's not just a story.  This is stuff that pretty much happened a lot, not just for one family, but for a lot of people.  I visited India.  What's your typing speed? Not very fast.  Not very fast at all.  Have you seen Super Idol? I don't think so.  Your favorite tech personality? I don't know.  I mean, I guess prime agenda, but I don't really care about personalities.  I'm at the point.

 I'm a grown man.  I don't really look to anybody for that stuff anymore.  Prime.  You're my tech hero.  Prime agenda and Theo.  Yeah, I mean, they're cool.  What's your issue with power couple? And I don't really have an issue.  I don't really care.  Do you watch XQC? I used to.  I started watching XQC like over six years ago before he was like super famous and he changed a lot.

 He changed a lot.  It's kind of weird to see.  I don't really know him personally, but like just watching somebody and seeing how much they change over a period of time, it's insane.  You should get XUC's chair.  Imagine being a tech hero.  I like Hunter X Hunter.  Yeah, I love Hunter X Hunter.  Everybody's seen Hunter X Hunter.  But nobody has seen the other show made by the exact same guy.  This one.

 I like this one better, but I mean both of them are really good.  You, you, Haka show.  Hunter X Hunter.  What's your motivation? I don't know.  I feel like it's hard to be motivated for yourself.  Like if I was motivated just to get like a nice car for myself and whatnot, it's hard to be motivated.  It's easier to be motivated when you're doing things for other people.  Hunter X Hunter, best anime.  Yeah, it's pretty, it's pretty insane.  I love it.

 I love it.  Attack on Titan or bust.  Can you do today's Daily Leak Code Challenge? I don't think I could explain it right now.  Let alone solve it.  Have you watched Attack on Titan? Yeah, I watched most of it.  I don't know if it's finished or not, but I read like the manga.  At some point I didn't finish it though.  I got like 90% of the way through it.  I didn't really like the ending.  Yeah, the soundtrack is pretty great.

 Your best project.  If you mean like personal project, literally, Nick Code IO is the only personal project I ever made.  The only one.  No spoilers for the ending.  Well, I mean, I didn't actually finish it, so I can't spoil it even if I tried, but.  Yeah, I don't know.  I meant like once you get close to the ending, but.  I love Witcher 3 and its soundtrack.  The show, I actually never watched the Witcher 3 show.  I played the game when I was like in high school.

 But I never watched the show.  I heard it's pretty good.  Where are the Google cap? Why not? Why not? Oh, the game.  Yeah, I love the game.  You guys are pretty cool, you know? I'm not going to lie.  I should probably stream more often.  Not for 24 hours though, but.  I would not mind hanging out with you guys more often.  Do you chill for Google? I don't think I do.  I really don't.

 Like people think I do.  A Yennefer or a Trish? Definitely Yennefer.  I'm going to do a poll of that actually.  I'm going to do a poll of that.  And I'm going to show you guys pictures too.  Let me show you guys the picture.  What do you guys pick? Yennefer? I should just go to the game because I don't want to.  All right, let's do it.  Don't answer the poll until I show you.  Oh my god, it's both of these.

 The Trish is on the right and Yennefer is on the left.  Who do you pick? Let's scroll up so that I don't buy us you guys.  Just look at the face.  The unicorn? Oh, your face is. . .  Oh my god, I'm sorry.  Sorry.  Sorry.  Sorry.

 I don't know you guys aren't picking Trish.  You guys think it's me.  I wouldn't pick me there.  Oh god.  I sensus going down another Indian rabbit hole.  I probably made chat biased.  What do you think of Web 3 and Blockchain? I don't really know a lot about it, to be honest.  You ever play Borderlands? I think so, like back in high school.  Not recently, I don't remember anything about it.  Yeah, next time I'm going to do it more collaboratively.

 Would any of you guys want to join a Discord call? Maybe not today, but next time? I don't know.  I think some of you would, but I don't want the weird people who are going to say weird stuff.  Do it.  I mean, we can do it right now, but what are we going to talk about? Like, I have phone chat with a Web 3 company later today.  That's good.  Interview them first.  Damn, some of you guys have been watching for a while.  Like, I'm trying to recognize your guys' names and chat.  Like, for the last few hours, some of you guys have been here the whole time.  And I don't know how to feel about it.

 I feel like I'm just acting like a fool.  Do you remember me kind of? You joined my stream eight times already.  Notice me.  I would participate, but anonymous, anonymous, the LOL.  The guys can be scary.  Yeah, I feel you.  People are always going to be weird.  People are always going to be weird.  I would encourage you to do it anonymously.  Down to join your Discord.

 I joined your stream like 15 times.  Whoa.  Any DSA book you recommend? I don't know.  Honestly, I don't know.  I mean, there's the popular ones that you could probably find.  But I've heard that they're not that great.  I never use them personally.  Are you active in the Discord server? Moderately.  I'm probably going to try to be more active.  As in just like talking to people and getting like feedback and stuff like that.

 What did he say? You bet $20 is a Tesla.  Did somebody ask me what car I have? Oh, what car do you own? I own a 2003 Hyundai.  A 2003 Hyundai.  And now the windows don't even roll down anymore.  It's very old.  And I should probably get a new car.  But I'm cheap.  But I'm going to get a new car.  But now actually this is a poll that's actually going to help me.  Should I get a Tesla? I'm probably going to get an electric car just because I feel like it's too late to get like a gas car.

 It's like 2013.  Maybe like a Model Y.  Or should I get a Tesla or? Yeah, I've heard mixed opinions on Teslas.  What about this? I heard this is the other like good electric car.  A Ford Mac E.  Is that how it's pronounced? It looks pretty nice.  Honestly, I like the way it looks.  I like the way it looks.  But I don't know anything about much about these cars.  So let's see what you guys think.

 Which car? Tesla Model Y? Or Ford Mac E? Everybody knows what a Tesla looks like.  So I'm just going to show you this.  I have a Tesla don't recommend.  Yeah, I don't know.  Like people say the build quality, like a lot of other small issues.  The Mac E might help you find a girlfriend.  I don't know about that.  My first car for 19 years until car accident was a Honda.  Yeah.  I don't know.

 I like the idea of having like a beater car because like.  I mean, first of all, sorry about your accident.  But I like the idea of a Supra.  What's a Supra? Is that like a Toyota? It is.  Is that, that's not electric, is it? Is it? It's not that expensive.  It's illegal.  Are the old version? I don't know.  I don't know what this is.  Get a Prius.  Dude, what do you take me for? Like you think my big ass is going to drive around in one of these? What? You think I even fit in this? What? It's like that clip in Silicon Valley.

 Oh, damn it.  Damn it.  I forgot the name.  Peter Gregory, I think.  Small car.  Yeah.  You guys remember this? Like, you guys ride around in one of these.  Is that what you want? That's actually kind of convenient.  I bet you could do lane splitting with that.  That is a narrow car.

 Fucking billionaires.  You know what? I'm actually trying to convince myself.  You legit met someone in Seattle that drove one of those.  I mean, honestly, through the traffic and the parking situation in Seattle, I would not even blame them.  Damn, a lot of you guys are from Seattle.  Didn't know that for like 300 people in the chat.  I feel like statistically, it should only be like one or two people from Seattle.  Especially at this hour.  Like, what is going on? Who's waking up at 730 in Seattle? Yeah, it's like a Rickshaw, right? It's like a Rickshaw.  Like, you just drive.

 You look like Denash.  Is that, is that supposed to be racist? Like Denash.  Maybe I do, I don't know.  We're talking like this, Denash.  Are we talking like the nerdy Denash? I don't really carry their way.  What would it be you guys decide the model why? All right, I don't know.  I know more people with a model why.  I don't really know anybody with one of these.  I might have to like test drive it or something.  I hate the Tesla interior though.

 It's so bad.  It's so like minimal.  So bad.  Model-wise, the most selling car in the world, yeah.  Model S.  Getting an electric Mustang is sacrilegious.  Yeah, but I feel like I have to get an electric car.  I feel like I have to.  Pull star is the best electric car.  I never even heard of that one.

 What company is that? Wait, what? What comp of Volvo? Oh, they were acquired by Volvo.  Interesting.  Interesting.  Last time I was struggling to find out how to pin to an array.  And now I don't know what I'm doing anymore.  I don't see the need to buy a car.  I wouldn't do it.  I also have a 2003 car.  It makes you want to have an electric car.  I don't know.

 Mostly just because I've been hearing that gas powered cars are going to go away within like five to 10 years, or at least probably five years from now nobody's going to be buying one.  But I don't know.  How to build a car and JavaScript.  I don't know.  Model S is more expensive.  That's interesting.  Damn, then I'm screwed.  Why would happen? Did you buy a gas car recently? Five to 10 years ain't happening yet.  That's probably true.  I don't know.

 Maybe, yeah, I don't know.  Maybe it's just the hype.  Maybe I'm getting caught up in the hype.  Because I don't really, I mean, it's good for the environment, I guess, but like doesn't really matter to me.  Like I don't really care about the self driving part of Teslas.  You love it.  Even that's old.  Yeah, I feel you.  I feel you.  Yeah, the model Y is like super roomy.

 There's a lot of space in it.  That's what I like about it.  I have a friend with a model Y.  Why not a bike though? Cause a little dangerous Tesla hold the brakes so you don't even have to break.  Car will slow down for you.  Yeah, that's good.  It was raining a lot in Seattle yesterday.  I wouldn't know.  I was an outside.  I was sitting right here.

 But yeah, I want to do a meetup eventually.  I want to do a meetup with like a group of people.  It's like a company called Tarot.  They do like meetups in Seattle.  I'm probably going to do a meetup with them.  I'll probably post it on like Twitter.  If anybody, if any of you guys want to join or come hang out.  Meetup with the Seattle people.  Yeah, for sure.  Anybody actually let me do a poll.

 How many of you are in Seattle? It can't be more than like five people.  There's just no way it's more than five people.  I mean, in terms of all of my fans, it's probably at least a few hundred in the Seattle area.  I don't know how many of them would want to meet.  For you in the Seattle area.  I mean, it's like eight o'clock almost.  You and our will are friends.  Yeah, I know our will decently.  Well, he's another.  Okay, some of you guys are just lying.

 That's okay.  You know, we got a few liars in chat.  There's not 20% of you in Seattle.  But, you know, that's okay.  Do you know our trend black? Not really.  I'm in like a group chat with them.  But I don't really pay attention to that group chat chat.  Yeah, that's what neat stands for.  Not in education employment or training.  How long will it take for AI to make software jobs obsolete? I don't know.

 But like if they hypothetically, if it made software jobs obsolete, it'd make a lot of jobs obsolete.  Still going well, hey, Kevin.  Yeah, it's almost over.  I kind of gave off on the lead code part.  We've just been talking about cars.  What kind of car do you drive, Kevin? And do you have any opinion on Tesla? I'm thinking about getting a new car.  Oops.  Think about getting a new car.  Do you have any opinion on Tesla versus a Mac.  Mac.

 I don't know.  Are you an AI? I'm not if that question was directed at me.  I'm personally not an AI.  Personally, I like Teslas, but I don't know much about cars.  Yeah, I feel like I'm more familiar with Teslas.  That's that would be like the safe choice.  Yeah.  Hello, Kevin.  And I hope I never have to own one.  Is that is there a particular reason or is it like the fact that they're electric or is it Elon or something else? Henry Cavill should have been the Witcher.

 Perhaps.  Perhaps.  Thoughts on US debt.  Well, I'm not an economist, but it's not good, but I don't think it's like catastrophic.  Like.  Yeah, like things can get better.  I mean, at the end of the day, the US at this point in time is still like the most innovative country in the world.  That's probably the most important thing.  Yeah, I'm the exact same way.  I don't really care about nice cars either.

 And yeah, I would prefer to walk to like some places you can like downtown Seattle, you can, but like the entire like Seattle metro, you definitely need cars.  Like the public transportation sucks.  It's not as good as New York, not even close.  I'm not just a nobody.  Okay, I used to work at Google.  I used to work at Google, by the way, guys.  I'm not just a nobody.  Okay, I used to work at Google.  How bad is homelessness in Seattle? It's pretty bad.  I don't know how it compares to other areas, but relits like from where I can tell it's pretty rough.

 It's getting worse.  It's not in great shape.  Do you have any dreams in your life? What was your childhood dream? I don't know.  My childhood dreams are different than what I think of now.  When I was a kid, I just wanted nice cars, big houses, jewelry and stuff like that.  I don't care about any of those things anymore.  You use a AWS or GCP.  I use GCP.  Why is Microsoft so non-paste.  I have no idea, dude.

 I don't know.  I don't think that really matters.  Do you run into fans when you go out? Well, first of all, I don't go out.  That's first of all.  But the few times I did, I actually did run into a couple people.  I ran into three people once and they were like, hey, are you the are you neat code? And I was like, yeah, yeah.  And then I take a picture and another time somebody actually messaged me the next day.  I was up in Vancouver for something like Vancouver, Canada.  The next day somebody messaged me like, hey, were you in Vancouver the other day? I think I saw you.  I was like, whoa.

 It was kind of cool, but at the same time, it's like, damn, so somebody like knew me and I didn't know them.  And there's just like a random person on the street.  It could have been anyone.  It could have been one of you.  I don't think it was a stalker.  I don't think they followed me across the border.  Where's the leak code action? I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  Do a hard problem.

 Any of these out.  I do trapping rainwater.  This might be the last one we do.  This might be the problem that kills me.  He said he had a shot at 100 sold.  Yeah, that was before I knew go is like see.  It doesn't have like built in data structures.  It's very low level.  I didn't know that.  It's not my fault.

 If we had done Python, like, I know we would have gotten 100.  I know it.  Give an end, and non negative numbers representing an elevation map where the width of each bar is one.  If you have much water, it can trap after a rainy.  Okay, and this is two pointers and we're using Python.  So screw it.  I'm already thinking, so like, just looking at this, as we move to the left, we want to keep track of the max, because this is one, and then this is zero.  So of course, the amount of water that can be filled here is going to be the max that we saw minus the current height.  So this is one.  As we get here, we have a two.

 The previous max was a one.  So there's no extra water that we can fit here.  Right.  This is not going to contain any water for us.  But now we're max is two.  Then we get to one.  So here's one slot of water.  Here's zero.  So two slots of water because our max is two.  But I don't I know for sure.

 Like I guess I'm like I've solved this problem before.  So I know it's a two pointer problem.  I don't know like.  It's might it must be similar to the other two pointer problem that we didn't even solve container with most water.  Actually, let's start with this one because I'm pretty sure I have these problems in this order for a reason.  If we solve this one first, I bet this one is going to be easier.  Let's see.  Oh, the solutions are either.  But this one is similar.  I know it's also a two pointer, but what's the algorithm? I have a goal interview on a week and I've been grinding through your course.

 I'm done with beginner course with all questions.  I did.  I don't know.  Do you have any advice for the last week of prep? For the last week, I think I'm trying to think what would I do? Because I'm not like the best at giving advice, but I can like tell you what I would do in that situation.  I think just I mean, you probably want to prepare depending on how much time you have every day, but don't like kill yourself trying to prepare as you get closer to the interview day.  Because if you like cram all day, every day up until the day before your interview, you're going to be exhausted.  You want to be like at least well rested for your interview.  Maybe when you wake up like during your interview day, maybe like go for a jog or exercise, go to the gym or something, lower your anxiety a little bit, maybe solve like one problem that day, just to warm up.  Maybe among a lot of the problems that you've solved, maybe like compile some notes for yourself on those problems so that like, you know, as you're solving problems, you might forget like subtle things about them.  And going back and like reviewing it might help you.

 I have like these quizzes.  There's a deal.  in a amount of them that might help you quickly review a problem without having to code it up entirely.  Yeah, just stuff like that.  Whatever works for you.  But I thank you so much for the donation.  I appreciate it and best of luck to you.  Good luck.  Do you play any music instrument? Playing music helps me to relax and better focus.  This helps with my anxiety.

 I wish I did play music.  I don't.  I've been wanting to get like a piano or something.  I really want to get one.  I love like listening to piano.  And you want to go on a date in Seattle? You know what? Why not? Do you play video games? Not a lot anymore.  I want to.  I just don't have as much time as I'd like.  Classical music just hits different.  Yeah, I love listening to classical like while working.

 What were we doing again? We're solving something.  Okay.  I mean, I kind of remember off the top of my head that this problem is 105 a quiz for this problem.  I wonder if that's why I remember because I made a quiz.  I did make a quiz.  I'm pretty sure the quiz will like literally guide me to the solution.  The problem is about two lines with the x-axis.  I'm almost sure the flying is a key factor that turns the amount of water.  The care hole is the height of the shortest line.  100% look at it.

 The height of the shortest line.  The height of the tallest line.  Nope.  That doesn't matter.  The distance between the two lines.  Yep.  And I assume these don't take up any space.  So yeah, the distance between them and the height.  Already that kind of told me the answer.  We're trying to be greedy.

 We're maximizing the width of it.  And now we're trying to maximize the height of these things.  I can't play video games because I need to do interview prep.  What kind of video games do you guys play? Maybe I already asked you that and I wasn't reading chat.  Sorry.  CodeGate.  Okay, so we're being greedy.  We're trying to maximize the left and right.  So now we calculate the potential height equal max of itself and the area.  How do we get the area? We get the width.

 R minus left times minimum of height at left and height at right.  R. P. G.  Games.  Yeah.  Why you even trying go length.  I don't know.  I mean, I don't know if I regret it or not.  But we learned go length.

 Otherwise, I would have just solved a bunch of lead code problems I already solved for.  I'm not trying to prepare for interviews right now.  I was just trying to learn a language for fun.  Usually, lead code is actually good for learning a language and its syntax.  It wouldn't be good for learning C and that's why it's not good for learning go because they're very similar as I did not know.  Okay, now which one of these do we want to decimate? Well, if height of left is less than height of right, then it's less.  So then take left and shift it by one else.  Decimate.  Is that it? Is that the whole code? I might not be doing it right.  Okay, let's give it a shot.

 Okay.  That's two pointers.  46.  Probably something from graphs, sure.  Graphs are pretty easy.  Well, it's easy to make a bug with graphs.  It's easy to get stuck in like an infinite loop and stuff.  Number of islands.  I mean, that's a pretty easy problem.  Oh my god, it's right there.

 Bro, you're still here.  I checked them like five hours ago.  Yep, still here.  And you know, we did have the stream stop because my internet went out at some point, but the recording did not stop.  So we have the evidence.  I've been here 24 hours.  Well, 22 hours now.  I pretend the leap code questions to be my side quests and getting a job is my main quest.  That's a good way of thinking about it.  I'm about to take a nap.

 How does that make you feel? Makes me want to take a nap, but instead I'm going to go to the bathroom.  So I'll be back in like two minutes.  And every time I look in the mirror and I see myself wearing this propeller hat, I just feel like a dork.  I don't know.  That was quick.  Was it? How many problems are we at now? 46? Okay, let's go fast.  Maybe if we're lucky, we'll get to 50 if we're lucky.  So number of islands.  So we're just running a DFS on every one's or land and zero.  Okay, so just running a DFS on everything.

 You look better without it.  I feel like I've been asked if I watch anime way too many times.  Were you taking a fat bomb rip with Red Bull as bomb water? Wouldn't that be dangerous? Like, wouldn't that hurt? I feel like it would.  I don't know.  Maybe you're talking from experience though.  Six bomb water dudes.  Stop.  Just stop.  You're going to make me throw up.  I'm already nauseous.

 Can you spin the propeller? Yeah, sure.  Are you not sleeping? No, I'm pretty sleepy at the same time.  I just feel like I just got like a dopamine rush when I see the time.  It's like two hours left.  I don't even remember what I've been doing for the last 22 hours.  It's just kind of a blur.  But I mean, we're almost done, right? It's got to count for something.  And you guys are going to be here when we end it.  You're going to say you were here live.  And you know, who knows? I might do something crazy at the end.

 You don't want to miss that.  Spin the propeller for the last two hours.  I will upload the video 100%.  Yet it's being recorded as we speak, fellas.  Who on the bed? No.  That's not something I do.  When is your next collab with Jordan? I don't know.  I don't know.  Take a long rip live at the end.  No dude.

 Like even if I like I don't know.  I don't want to like completely.  Oh my God.  Dude, you didn't thank you so much for the donation, Dennis.  I have to heart that.  Oh my God.  Thank you so much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.

 Thank you.  You did not have to do that.  I really appreciate it.  Thank you so much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Dennis.  I appreciate it.  I genuinely appreciate it.

 Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  I don't know what we were talking about anymore.  Oh yeah, the long rip.  No.  I'm not going to do that.  I feel like people already think of me as like a drugie after that video and I don't need to give people more ammo.  And I don't really I don't want to smoke like.  It's not something to be proud of.

 I don't enjoy doing that.  It's just a bad habit that you have to break.  I'm only speaking for myself.  If you guys do that, it's your choice.  But for me, it's not a good habit.  How to get the cap? I don't know.  You might be able to buy it online, but most people just get it from working at Google, I think.  We don't think that of you.  Well, I appreciate it.  Okay, what are we doing again? Okay, I always get the dimensions first, like on autopilot.

 And the other goodies you got from Google, not as much as you would think to be honest.  I got the hat.  I got this jacket as a very small Google logo on it.  That's pretty much it.  I don't know if other people got more stuff.  I feel like I've seen people who work at Google in India.  They get more stuff.  So I'm kind of jealous of them.  I've seen them get like free bagpacks and stuff like that.  So yeah, I did not get a bag back.

 For our in range rose for.  Call them in.  Go.  Yes.  Rose for.  Call them in.  Calls.  Yes, I scroll.  Call them.  I don't know.

 I'm doing this right.  I don't know if I'm approaching the return value of that correctly.  If I.  What do you mean this is go? Okay, this is go.  Looks like it's go to me.  Looks like it says go to me.  So I don't know what you guys are talking about.  This is go.  We didn't give up on go.  We're using go.

 We're using go right now.  This is the new version.  You might not be familiar with that.  You might not be familiar with the new version.  They made some improvements.  As you can see.  A couple improvements.  Yeah.  Looks like go to me.  So whoops.

 Don't know what that was.  Visual glitch.  But yeah.  So okay.  If it's out of bounds.  Got dammit.  I don't know what I'm doing anymore.  Oh no.  For here, I check if.  This row column.

 It's not in visit.  We increment the result.  And we called the FS to make sure it's visited now.  That whole island.  And then here we just return the result.  So here.  If this row column is in.  No, we don't have to check.  No, we kind of do have to check.  Kind of have to check.

 If it's against out of bounds or it's already visited.  There's one more or.  Red is.  A zero.  And it's the character zero.  Don't want to mess that up.  It's not the integer zero.  Yep.  And there we go.  And with all of these, we would return.

 Otherwise, we're going to market visited.  And then we're going to.  We're going to call DFS on all four directions, I think.  Right.  Row plus one column.  DFS of row minus one column.  DFS row column plus one.  What? Because it's right.  Is it right? Is this right? Is there any bug? I'm doing the DFS in all four directions.  I'm counting him correctly, I think.

 I'm making sure I'm marking him visited.  That should be enough.  What are we missing? The base case.  We're going in all four directions.  What am I doing wrong? If it's not in visited and.  If this is first of all, it has to be an island.  And that.  Cool.  Boom.  47.

 Do it in assembly.  This is child's play.  Do it in C++ 10.  You know what? I think a lot of people actually think I'm still using go.  I think some people are fooled.  To the naked eye, it would appear that I am.  In fact, using go length.  To the naked eye.  I think that's the right thing.  Brod is enough C++ STL.

 I mean, if you just mean the data structures and stuff, I definitely know that.  Well, I don't know all of it by memorization, but I know like the vector and the map, unordered map, unordered set, those are like binary trees, the other ones are hash based and vectors.  And I forgot what the lists are, but nobody uses linked lists and C++ ever.  I mean, I know the basics.  But, you know, I mean, the priority Q-Syn text is kind of weird.  I admit that I wouldn't know how to do that off the top of my head.  This one, maybe, I still don't, I still bothers me that I can't do this one.  Oh, no.  What's your new dream company? I don't know.  My own.

 I'm just kidding.  I don't know.  I'm just kidding.  I'm just kidding.  You know I'm just kidding.  I don't know what the quo kind of means.  I ever looked so unfriended in a group of excavation videos.  I go for coffee, peeler, khoffie, burglar. . .

 bip dangerous and AI and Sw.  Roll face is really stuff.  Brut made lead code speak some Hindi or Niko DSA level for Amazon.  I'm not sure to be honest.  I don't know.  My interview is probably not representative of most interviews at Amazon.  Yeah, the worst part of this is when I go to sleep.  I'm going to be dreaming of lead code problems.  No.  No.

 Why did I choose GoLang? I thought it would be more fun learning a new language.  I didn't think it would be hard.  I did not think GoLang would be as difficult for lead code as it is.  I did not think that.  Did your Google co-workers know you were a neat code before you were revealed? They actually did not.  I didn't tell them.  I didn't even reveal anything until like six months after I left Google.  At that point, I only talked to one person after I left Google and he knows.  I mean, maybe the rest of them know.  But yeah, I only really talked to one person.

 What's new and neat code pros? A few things I added recently.  I added some updates to like the object oriented design course.  I added like a couple more design elevator.  This article with some diagrams, UML with code.  And you can change languages here, Python, JavaScript, the code, the update as well.  And there's design, chess, same thing.  And then there's these.  What else is this? There's the basics.  Like you implement a bunch of data structures and algorithms from scratch.  The fundamental stuff.

 None of this stuff is on lead code.  And there's a bunch more I'm adding.  Do you write all the code in all languages for neat code? I don't write I write all the pro stuff.  I don't write this stuff.  Like there's a lot of languages.  I think there's like 13 languages.  I definitely did not write all of these.  I mean, it's a problem because people will write a solution very different from my Python solution.  So people will then watch the video.  And they'll say the solution from the videos completely different from the solution in Java.

 But it's not my fault.  I didn't write the Java code.  I wrote the Python code, which should match the video.  But yeah, people do it differently.  So I have to kind of fix that.  If I said looks sick, bro, thank you.  Appreciate it.  Do you have any best friends in the tech industry? And there's no friends in business.  Bra.  There's no friends in business in my opinion.

 But in general, I have I don't have super close friends in tech.  Really.  I have friends.  I have acquaintances.  But I don't have super close friends.  I don't know.  Maybe that's my fault.  I don't know.  Maybe it is.  Oh, somebody asked something.

 Oh, thank you for the donation.  Advice for starting leak code or code YouTube channel.  I don't know.  Do it.  First of all, do it.  Definitely try to find a way to enjoy it.  Like some people literally hate making videos.  Like I've talked to people who are like influencers, influencers on other platforms, whether they're like on LinkedIn or Twitch or whatever.  And they're like, oh, I want to start a YouTube channel, but I hate it.  But I hate making videos.

 Then why are you doing it? Because that's kind of what you're doing on YouTube right? You're making videos.  So hopefully you don't hate it.  You don't have to love every second of it.  But you should hopefully not hate it.  But and other than that, try to do something a little bit different from everybody else.  Try to do something to stand out.  Or try to do something better than everybody else.  Why did you go offline? I swear I'd not go to sleep.  I have the entire thing recorded.  I did not go to sleep.

 My internet went out, so it forced me to not be live.  And yeah, I have it all recorded though, and I'm going to upload the full 24 hours, probably after I sleep.  How much did your microphone cost? This one was like a hundred bucks.  There are better microphones, and I should probably get a better one.  But this one is really, really good for YouTube.  Yeah, it's not going to be a deal breaker.  This one is good enough.  You said not to talk about it.  Yeah, I did say that.  Well, you ever do a sleep stream? Probably not.

 Probably not.  How do you have so much energy and concentration to do this for so long? I don't know.  Usually I'm actually pretty low energy like today.  I think you can tell.  There was a point where my energy just died, and I've been running on something else.  I'm running on borrowed time right now.  This is, I had it all, I swear on my life.  I did not take any drugs or alcohol.  I'll keep it real with you.  Yesterday? Never mind.

 No, I don't drink any coffee.  I don't drink coffee.  What, what's so funny? What's so funny? What courses are you bringing next? A hundred percent.  The next one is design patterns, and probably some more related to system design.  I've been wanting to do concurrency.  I've been wanting to do, maybe even language-based courses, maybe a front-end course.  I have so many ideas.  Maybe I'll do a poll on Discord for what people are most interested in.  Drink some tea.  I don't drink tea or caffeine in general.

 It's not good for me.  Bro, definitely took some cocaine.  Don't you think I'd be acting a little bit differently if I took cocaine? I'd be having spikes.  I'd be coming in with energy, but I'm not.  Do you know React? I know the basics.  I'm not an expert in React.  I don't think most people are experts in React.  I don't think you need to be an expert in React.  Is YouTube better than corporate jobs? I mean, this pros and cons.  Generally, the ceiling, people think, oh, in YouTube, there's an unlimited ceiling.

 You'll make millions and millions.  First of all, you can do that as a software engineer.  If you really want to be the best of the best as a software engineer, you can make a lot of money, insane money.  If you go into management, you can make even more.  On YouTube, I mean, sure, there are probably some creators making a lot of money, millions, but it's probably a lot more competitive, honestly, to make millions as a YouTuber, versus make millions as like a manager or a software engineer.  So like, yeah.  Everybody wants to do YouTube nowadays.  Everybody wants to do social media.  Everybody wants to be their own boss.  So it's very competitive.

 And honestly, there's a lot of randomness, like the algorithm sometimes just messes up or just change the trajectory of your channel.  So there's way too much randomness as well.  Like there's no healthcare.  There's no benefits.  There's no child.  There's no maternity leave or paternity leave.  Part paternity leave.  There's nothing like that.  Who decides the YouTube algorithm in Google? I have no idea.  But it's not they don't decide it out of their own opinion.

 They assume I'm just guessing.  I don't know how they actually make these decisions.  But I'm pretty sure they make the algorithm such that it maximizes the amount of time.  People spend watching YouTube videos because that's going to maximize the amount of money YouTube makes from ad revenue.  And that's what they're trying to do.  They're not trying to help you or hurt you.  They're just trying to make you spend as much time on YouTube as possible.  And hopefully, they want you to enjoy your time on YouTube so you come back.  And they're not doing that out of the goodness of their heart.  They're not doing it to help you.

 They're doing it to make more ad revenue.  It's a win-win though, because if they make it, if they make the algorithm so good that when you open up your homepage, like you open up YouTube homepage and you immediately see the videos that you want to watch, then it's good for you because you don't have to look for the videos you want to watch.  But it's also good for YouTube because then you're going to spend more time doing this.  And you're going to make, then YouTube's going to make more money.  That's how it is.  Everything is kind of driven by that.  There's no opinions in the YouTube algorithm.  There's only data and money.  There's only data.  There's only data.

 More apple juice? Of course.  It's just apple juice, fellas.  It's just apple juice.  Mm.  Mm.  Mm.  Mm.  Mm.  50 questions.  Is it annoying when people call you Indian? I mean, I am Indian, but it's just like.

. .  I'm surprised there's a lot less people asking if I'm Indian, but there are still some.  Yes, I'm Indian, by the way.  I don't know if I can do. . .  I don't know if I can get to 50.  I could, but like at what cost? Is it going to hurt? Or am I just going to be glad I did it? Are you still Indian? What does that even mean? Bro, drink one year of water.  Africa.

 What? Web development is the best career in programming right now.  I want to work in a big tech one day.  Greetings from Brazil.  I'm not sure.  It depends what you mean by web development.  You mean like front end web development.  There's definitely a lot of roles in that as well.  But just like most jobs nowadays are about like applications that are running on the web, whether you're talking about like backend services, or front end clients, like Android apps, mobile apps, browser apps, websites.  I'm sorry.  I was dosing off.

 Congratulations for 500k subs.  Thank you.  Oh yeah, I was going to show you cards.  Why is this mosquito? Keep getting on my face.  Well, this is a little overdue.  I don't know if I showed it on the last stream.  But give me a sec.  Hey.  Hey, I got this a while ago.  I spent like maybe one or two years.

 Yes, the 100k plaque.  But we got to get the million plaque.  We're over halfway there.  I never thought I would get to a million.  But if we're going to get like over halfway there, you just can see it right.  Yeah, like we need that gold plaque, dude.  I feel like I didn't even care about it until I realized like I could actually get it one day.  Like now we have to.  It's probably going to be a while.  It's probably going to be at least a year.

 Probably more than that before we get there.  But you know, I'm optimistic.  If you guys smash the subscribe button, if everybody who is watching this right now, smashes the subscribe button, I'd appreciate that.  Bra.  How to know your fang ready.  I don't think there's any such thing as being fang ready.  If I were you, I would just kind of focus on just always improving.  As long as you're always improving, then you're getting there.  And yeah, I wouldn't try to see it as like, like there are people who work at companies you've never heard of that are better than people who work at companies like Google.  And yeah, it's not to say people who work at Google are dumb, but it's just that like, it's not as cut and dry as you might think.

 Yeah.  What college did you go to? Let me post it.  I'll post it for you.  You can see it on my LinkedIn.  And while you're there, you might as well like the post.  You got the room tour.  I don't want to do it, bro.  I don't want to do it.  There's nothing to see.  Religious empty room.

 It's very empty, honestly.  And the monitor, like this monitor right here with the camera on it is already stacked up on top of books.  It's stacked on top of books.  Hey, thank you so much for the super chat.  Thank you so much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Why do you live like you're in jail? How are you supposed to live? Like, I don't know.  Are you supposed to have decorations? Even if I had decorations, I don't look at them.  I don't know.

 Maybe I'm just weird, but.  Yeah, I don't know.  I don't know.  Like, I could buy more stuff and, you know, whatever pamper myself, but that doesn't, it doesn't like me feel good at all.  Like, I don't care about that.  Yeah, minimalist lifestyle.  I don't like having stuff, especially when I travel.  I take like the minimum amount of stuff possible.  Do you drive? Yeah.  Group, anagrams.

 You know what? I think I found the three problems that we're going to do.  I think I actually found them.  Oh, my God, I did all of the.  Done, done, done.  Get out of here.  This one, I already know how to do.  This one used to be hard.  Do I still have it as a hard? No, this one definitely used to be hard.  But I already know how to do it.  We convert.

 Oh, my God.  I'm going to have to go back to a set.  Are you tired? A little bit.  A little bit tired.  Do you go on roads? Okay, Las Vegas at night.  I'm not anywhere near Las Vegas.  I've never been to Las Vegas.  Do you drink and drive? No.  I would not do that.  I even if I was selfish and I didn't care about putting other people at risk, like, I wouldn't, I don't want to die driving like an idiot.

 Like, who would want to do that? And not to mention obviously killing somebody else.  Like, I would not want to do that.  Like, I'll just pay for an Uber.  It's not that like big of a deal to me.  L, L, Jen or Elgin Smith.  Is that your name? Do you watch Tom and Jerry? Not anymore.  How's your English so good? Because it's pretty much my first language.  Oh my god, I'm so bad right now.  It's not in Nums.  I'm not.

 Then loop.  Is that it? Is that actually it? Did I actually just one tap this problem? Buddy do go length.  Last 48.  Why not doing co-ling anymore? Because it sucks dude.  It sucks.  I would rather just build a project and go.  Like maybe that's what I should have done.  I don't want to do data structures and algorithms and go where half the required data structures are missing.  Can't do that.  We got to like 44 problems with go.

 We got to 44 problems with go.  Is it worth starting a coding YouTube channel? I don't know if you enjoy it.  Are you going to be able to live with your choice if you don't become successful? If you make zero views, would you be able to live with that? And if not, you can still do it, but you better be confident in your ideas or something like that.  I'm not going to do what am I mapping? Some key to an array of words.  What backend did Niko build with mostly Firebase? Firebase functions, Firestore, all that stuff.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.

 Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.

 Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Good night.  Hey, I got into JP Morgan Chase, New Jersey.  Congratulations.  That's awesome.

 Congrats, congrats.  Congrats.  Did you ever get any startup ideas? I'm not really great with coming up with ideas to be honest.  I probably have, but I don't really remember them.  I don't think I really had any good ideas.  I probably will work for a startup at some point.  Do you actually enjoy Lea Good Problems, Gen.  You and Lea anymore? I definitely enjoy making videos on my second channel.  I'm really happy with the idea of how it feels.  There's a saying that I heard recently that burnout doesn't always come from overworking.

 Sometimes people can get burnt out from spending a lot of time working, but not actually getting anything done.  And in software engineering, that kind of means not shipping code.  You're spending all your time in meetings, design docs, writing tests, and stuff like that, but you don't actually launch features very frequently.  That will burn you out.  In my case, if I'm doing a bunch of features for NETCO, it took me three weeks to make this feature, like the code sandbox is, and executing it on the back end and all that.  So when you're spending a lot of time doing something and you don't really have any results to show for it, that can make you burnt out.  But for me, if I upload a video on my second channel, and I do it almost daily, it feels like I'm getting something done.  So even if I do it a lot, even if I work too much, I don't feel burnt out because I feel like I'm getting stuff done.  So that's what I enjoy.  I genuinely enjoy making these videos.

 I'm not doing it for the money.  I'm not doing it for the views.  If I was doing it for the views, I'd post these videos on my main channel that'd get more views probably.  Yeah.  Creating tangible results.  I think that's a good way to put it.  And I didn't make that up.  It's something that I read.  And I think that's the same reason.  People will get burnt out solving lead code problems.

 People will get burnt out grinding lead code because it feels like you're just like a hamster on a wheel.  You're not getting anywhere.  You might be improving, but you might not notice it.  Like, lead code is a slow grind.  Like, first 50 problems, you'll feel like, okay, I improved.  Next 20 problems, you don't really feel like you improved.  Maybe another 20 problems, you still don't feel like you improved.  Maybe it takes you like 50 problems to actually feel like, okay, I'm a little bit better than I was.  50 problems ago.  That's a slow grind.

 And people don't usually like that.  When will you have a fan meetup? I'm probably going to do one in Seattle relatively soon.  I'm not, it's not really going to be a neat code fan meetup.  It's going to be some other company called taro.  They're going to host it.  And I'm just going to go to it.  And hopefully other people can come as well.  And I'm going to do one in the Bay Area probably as well.  At some point.  When will you post the VOD of the live stream? Hopefully whenever I wake up after I go to sleep.

 What about Vancouver BC? Are there people, are there a lot of people in Vancouver BC? I mean, I can do that.  People want to.  Honestly, the whole idea of a fan meetup.  I like the idea of meeting people.  But the idea of it being a fan meetup.  People are coming to see me as if the main attraction.  I feel like I'm just a normal person.  I just want to hang out with people.  I don't want to be like, I don't know.  I don't know how to describe it, I guess.

 Okay.  Yeah, it's more of like a community event.  Not like a fan event.  Dude got social anxiety.  He can't organize a fan meetup.  It's not that it's like the organization of it.  Like how does it work? Like if a small number of people show up, okay, we can just hang out somewhere.  But what if like 50 people show up? And we're at like a coffee shop.  Isn't that going to be weird? Like I would just, I would just like put on like a mask or something and just pretend like I'm somebody else and just walk out.  Not because there's too many people.

 It would just be like, I don't know the logistics.  Of handling events.  That's not my strength.  Yeah, like the kai sinnet.  Like it wouldn't be that crazy.  But like, yeah.  Hmm.  Have you ever used graph or trees at Google not really? Are you gonna start making merch? Probably not.  Probably not.  Make the Niko repo public maybe at some point.

 I recommend you any laptop.  I like the MacBooks like with the M1, the new MacBook, the Mac CPUs, the Apple CPU or whatever.  They're really good.  Like the battery life is good.  Everything about it is really good.  I mean they're kind of expensive.  I got like a pretty cheap one when I got it.  Mine was like 900 and it came with headphones, stuff.  MacBook Air or Pro.  I actually have an Air.

 It works fine for me, but I don't know.  People recommend Pro's.  People recommend like 16GB.  I have 8GB.  What's any one thing which Go does better than Python? I like that it's statically typed.  I definitely like static typing in like every language.  But yeah.  I don't know the syntax wise.  I just prefer Python.  It's so much easier.

 How do I group words? I can take the sorted version of every single word and use that as the key.  Or I can get the count of every lowercase character.  Do it like that.  Adjust me some good drugs.  I don't have any suggestions.  My man.  I have tried the new web interface.  I just don't really like it that much.  Yeah.  I'm not going to lie.

 This is intense.  Like this last hour is intense.  What advice for beginners and leak God? Sure.  It's first T-shirts.  Pock versus Biggie.  I don't know.  I like both of them.  I like both of their music.  What are we even doing? What are we doing at this point? Guys.  Seriously.

 I think I don't know.  So, first of all, every string in strings.  But, okay, if this maps to an array, if I just take the values of group, can I just return the, how am I going to map this? I need the count of each character.  And I need to convert it because we can't use an array.  We can't use a map as a key of a Hashemab.  We can't use an array.  We have to use a tuple.  But, how am I going to count the occurrences of each character in this? I want to go through character and ask, want to get the count of it.  I mean, I can use an array.  And then I can say here, group of tuple of count.

 It's a less append to it, this word.  That's it.  But, how do you get the count? It's going to be an array, first and foremost.  And we know these are from zero or lower, lower case English characters.  So this is going to be 26.  The length is 26.  What else? I get the character.  Now, we have to map the character to this.  How do we do that? Well, we get the ASCII.  Maybe you can, I don't think in Python, you can just do C minus lower case.

 I don't think you can do that.  I think you need ORD.  C minus ORD.  Okay.  I feel like that's pretty much it.  Yeah, you can group them by assorted key as well.  That's probably better.  But you have to create a copy of every string then because you still need to add the original to the output.  What? Huh? Oh, yeah, the key.  I'll just map it for what was it called? A tuple.

 No, I can't do that.  I don't know what they're going to be.  Yeah, it's best to just do a default direct.  See, Python is just so amazing.  Well, oh my god, I still mess it up.  Oh, it's just a bit of a fault I've lost.  Did Google use MongoDB? Not that I know.  I'm pretty sure they don't have their own databases for everything.  Even if there was a better technology, Google could be using nine times out of ten, they wouldn't.  They'd rather just use their own tools.

 Sometimes there's good reasons for that.  Oh, man, I'm ready to go to sleep.  I was thinking about going up for a walk after this stream, but I can't do that.  I'm probably just going to go straight to sleep.  Just ask her for a dating, bro.  What are you talking about? Yeah, I'm going to upload the whole stream eventually.  Hey, thank you so much for the donation.  Thank you, thank you, thank you.  Thank you so much.  I'm going to make John learn buried and moved.

 Your voice changed.  Yeah.  Yeah, I'm going to go to sleep straight after this.  How many gigabytes is a stream? It's over 60 gigabytes, like 100%.  They tell me one terabyte.  What do principal engineers do daily? I don't know.  I mean, the staff engineers that I worked with at Google a little bit, they just work across teams a lot.  But I feel like to be a staff engineer at Google, you have to know about the internal tools.  You're just at such a disadvantage until you know the ecosystem and how things work at Google.  How do you rate your goaling skills after the 24 hours? Decent.

 I think I know the syntax.  I still don't know a lot about the language, but I mean, once I learned it's supposed to be like C.  It's supposed to be like a successor to C.  That's when I kind of realized it a lot of it does make sense.  It's not object oriented for a reason.  It has structs.  It has a bunch of other weird stuff, but it has strong typing.  C has weak typing though.  But yeah, is America how safe is America? I don't know.  I mean, there obviously is crime everywhere, but I think like statistically America is mostly safe.

 I see with a garbage collector.  Yeah.  But that doesn't really make sense to me.  I think it sounds like rust is the same.  I thought rust was supposed to be the successor to C.  It's like an actual low level language.  People aren't.  I don't know.  Maybe I'm wrong.  It's your opinion on Microsoft.

 I don't really have any strong opinion on Microsoft.  Why do you cut Google? I made a video about it.  I must see someone as is that.  I got to take my blood pressure medication.  I'm going to get a little bit of a bad.  I mean, you don't want to miss this.  You might actually see me die on stream.  You do not want to miss that.  You should combine YouTube and it could be hard.  I'm more problem.

 I'm just kidding, guys.  I'm not going to die on stream.  It's just a joke.  Okay.  It's so weird how like the conversations and chat change.  You know it's like a completely different group of people every couple hours.  A few hours ago people were saying completely different things.  Where are you guys from? Let's do it one more time.  Where are you right now? I'm going to do North America.  I'm going to do South America and Africa combined.

 I only have four options.  That's why I'm doing this.  Europe and Australia and Asia.  Let's see.  I'm guessing it's going to be Europeans and Americans.  There might be some.  Okay.  Wow.  There's still a lot of people from Asia.  I pollered the disorder.

 What about it? Because I have to combine some of them.  I don't think there's a lot of people from South America as well as Africa.  I just combined them.  Look at it.  It's a very small percentage.  Yeah.  That's pretty much why.  A lot of people from North America.  That's why the vibe is a little bit different.  There's still some people saying tunic tunic in the chat.

 But those will slowly fade away over the next hour.  Have you married now? I'm going to stand up on this.  I'm going to stand up on this.  Are you okay now? I'm not.  I'm going to stand up on this.  I'm going to stand up on this.  50 problems.  Do you think before you speak or do you speak as you process? I don't know.  Probably both depends on the situation.  Sometimes I definitely don't think before I speak.

 I know it doesn't make sense.  I can't do it.  It's not going to allow me to do it.  So I have to combine them.  I chose South American Africa because there's not a lot of people watching from either.  Oh, guys, Mike, his arm sucks.  Oh, damn.  You missed Antarctica.  I know, but nobody lives there.  Tips about resume template.

 As a resident of Antarctica, I feel violated.  Oh, damn.  He understands Hindi.  Do I? Did you pick any pills to stay awake and concentrate? I did not.  I promise you I did not.  Huh.  Who's your LSD dealer? Dude, I don't have one.  Okay.  I am the LSD dealer.  You weren't expecting that, were you? I'm Heisenberg.

 Fucking Mike armed, dude.  FBI open up.  Yeah, little do you guys know neat coach is a side hustle for me.  What I'm really doing is something else.  Worst part about Amazon.  Honestly, the individual people that I worked with, I did not like them.  I won't speak for the company.  I won't speak for anything else.  I'll just speak for the individual people I worked with.  I did not like one of them.

 There were just assholes like, yeah, there were just kind of assholes and fine, whatever.  They can do whatever they want.  They can keep working at that job that they really seem to love.  And I'm gonna do what I love.  I'm gonna do what I love.  I'm gonna do what I love.  I'm gonna do what I love.  I'm gonna do what I love.  Wait, you just called me Raul.  What? I think you're thinking of somebody else.

 I'm not Raul.  I'm not Raul.  Okay, fellas.  You look so innocent, bro.  Yeah, appearances can be deceiving, though, in life.  Will you work at Amazon or Google ever again? Who knows? Maybe.  Maybe.  Take a shot.  I would pass out if I did that.  Nice inburg doesn't get locked up.

 That's good to know.  It's important as well.  I can't even read chat.  I'm not stoned.  I promise.  I'm dying.  I'm rain is moving as fast as this.  I'm not stoned.  I promise.  I promised it.

 I would not lie about that.  It would be pretty noticeable.  Any of the people asking me if I'm stoned.  Probably, well, actually, maybe you guys are stoners.  I don't know.  I'm not stoned.  My peripheral vision is gone.  I keep spacing out.  I don't know why this is.  Maybe I'm sick.

 My throat is starting to hurt.  My nose hurts.  I'm tired.  This is worse than it usually is for me.  You should have aterol for emergency.  Just for an emergency.  Call 911.  I'm surprised.  I'm surprised.  I'm surprised.

 I'm sorry to disappoint you.  We will get to that 50th problem.  I'm pretty sure.  We will get there.  We will get there.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.

 How old are you? I'm 25.  Your Amazon story is touching on.  I thought it was going to be a personal question.  You had us in the first half.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.

 I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I think it's a good question.  I don't even know what I'm saying makes any sense.  You're such a good motivator.  I just decided to solve 50 problems today.  I won't sleep until I get done with 50.

 I don't know if that's a good idea.  I'm going to sleep until I get done with 50.  I'm going to sleep until I get done with 50.  I'm going to sleep until I get done with 50.  Yeah.  I'm going to sleep until I get done with 50.  I'm going to sleep until I get done with 50.  Probably start to think in more snow.  snickers or KitKat probably snickers.  I'm not satisfied with this perfect performance.

 I feel like I have to do it again now, but I don't want to do that.  It wouldn't be this hard normally.  It wouldn't.  There are reasons why it's harder today.  It's BS.  No, next time we can't do it for 24 hours.  It's not like I can't never mind.  Let's just do it already.  Who's your favorite rapper? I don't really think I have one.  Listen to some of the older rap, some of the newer rap.

 I'd like your shirt.  Thank you.  What am I doing? Which one should I do? I'm going to do this one.  Character replacement.  What is it? Okay, give me a string.  As an energy kit, you can choose any character of the string.  You can form the operation at most K times.  I'm trying to light the longest of string.  You can get the same character after performing the above operation.  If this is the window, it's fine.

 If this is the window, I have two different characters.  I can replace the A or the B.  Which one should I replace? It doesn't really matter.  When I have two A's and one B, I should replace the B.  This is my budget.  K is my budget and I don't want to spend it unless I have to.  When I have these, it doesn't really matter.  Basically, we want the most common and we can have multiple characters.  It could have been at A, B, C, B.  Then B is the most common.

 A and C are less common.  We take the most common character.  We take the size of the window minus the most common character.  That should be greater.  That should be less than or equal to C.  I'm just going to write that down before I forget.  Size of window minus most common.  It would be greater than or equal to K.  We need a map to count.  A hash map to count character.

 Character.  Count.  Okay.  Left.  We need two pointers.  I'm going to have one of the pointers iterate over the length of the input string S.  I'm going to make it a default deck.  Screw it.  Why not? Then here, I'm just going to say, for the new character that we just added, that's just increment the count.  That's like the first step.

 Add one to it.  Now, we want to know what's the max frequency of the most frequent character.  But we don't really care what the character is.  Right? Yeah.  So we just need the count of max count is going to be zero initially.  And if the new count that we just added is greater than max count, I feel like this is how I would code it and go or something.  It's going to be count of the sucker.  All right.  Now we check this.  condition.

 The size of the window, how do we get the size? Well, we probably need a left pointer.  Usually that's going to be zero.  If right minus left plus one is, that's the size of the window minus.  Max count is greater than k.  What are we keeping track of? What's the return of the length of the longest sub string? Okay, so I'm going to have a result here.  If this is valid, then the result equal to max of itself.  Okay, that's greater than equal to k.  Wait, wait, wait, wait.  Doing this backwards? It should not be greater than k.  It should be less than k.

 It should be less than k, and then we check if it's valid or not.  Otherwise, you have to take the max of this.  Okay, if it's this is, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.  If this is greater than k, then the window is invalid.  We need a while loop here, no, because if the window is invalid, we just shrink the size of the window.  I don't know.  I want to increment left, but I have to do this first count of s of left minus one.  I was taking that, and at the end, let's return the result.  I don't know.  Please let that work.

 That voice is gone.  Oh, thank God.  Thank you, Jesus.  Are we done? Are we? Which one was that sliding window? Are we? Are we done? I don't think I can do this anymore.  I don't think I can do this anymore.  We got 50 minutes left.  I mean, I can stay awake for 50 minutes.  I can talk to you guys, but I can't do any more code.  My brain hurts.  It's a special type of pain.

 It's a special type of pain.  It feels good in a way, though.  Do something you feel like you can't, but you do it anyway.  I wish I could be this motivated all the time.  Oh, I got to update the count.  Oh, no, I already updated it.  I stopped using Go at like 44 problems solved after I ran out of juice.  Like, most of the time, at least half of the time we spent here was just talking.  I wasn't coding half that time.  At least half that time, maybe more.

 Like, most of the problems didn't take me that long except the ghost stuff.  It took me like 30 minutes per problem for the first like five problems.  And they were easy too.  I was just trying to understand the syntax.  Drugs are legal in the US.  No.  Most of them are not.  Do you read any novels? I read some books.  I read a few books recently, but I don't know about novels.  I don't like my brain.

 It's smart enough to know what a novel is.  Are you going to sleep after this? Probably.  Honestly, I didn't want to.  I honestly did not want to.  I was going to do something else.  I have to schedule like a dentist appointment.  Yeah.  So I'm going to do that.  And after I'm done with that, I'm probably going to never tried fentanyl.  No.

 I don't like most of you guys are just joking, but like if anybody is serious, don't do drugs.  Okay.  It's not worth it.  It's not going to make your life any better.  You're not going to look back and think, yeah, I'm so glad I did those drugs.  Yeah.  I'm so happy now.  My life got so much better after that.  Yeah.  Like, no, one of the reasons I even shared that was because I saw primogen did something similar.

 I didn't primogen say he did meth at some point in his life.  Like did people like, like, just make the same jokes to him.  Like damn, bro.  A good chance you won't sleep for a few hours after this.  Your tired, your brain is in fight or flight mode.  Yeah.  That's what I've experienced before.  So that's kind of what I was expecting after this.  And I wouldn't even mind because like, right now it's 9. 30.

 I was playing on staying awake until like, like another 12 hours to be honest.  So that I don't like mess up my sleep schedule.  Prime be trolling.  I don't think so.  I mean, prime story was like in some ways worse than mine.  Like a lot of the aspects of it.  I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't care.  I don't know what I'm doing anymore.

 I'm just going to be alive for the next 40 minutes.  And that's a victory for me.  My only drug is CrossFit.  How's that? That was CrossFit.  Yeah.  Another tag is still on.  Should I take it off? I kind of don't want to.  I feel like that devalues it.  It's not original anymore.  Yeah, exercise a good amount.

 Man, do I have any video games installed? Because I would play that right now.  I don't.  Damn it.  Wait, do I? I have to.  I mean, I don't want something to go wrong.  I don't want my computer to crash.  I have to install Overwatch.  Or I have to.  Yeah, I think I have to install it.  Does that mean I have to download? That doesn't look like a lot.

 That doesn't look like a lot.  I don't think I have to install much.  It only says 190 megabytes.  That's not the whole game.  I'll play a match real quick.  Because honestly, it's going to help keep me awake.  No.  God, damn it, dude.  That's like the tutorial.  That's just the installer.

 It makes you download 10 good vibes after.  Yeah, I'm not going to do that.  Oh, well.  Oh, my God.  I'm not playing chess, dude.  Are you kidding me? I'm not going to play chess.  I'm not doing it.  Oh.  Well, while you guys are still here, thanks for joining.  I mean, nothing I'm ending it right now, but thanks for hanging out here.

 I appreciate you guys.  Watch YouTube, I guess.  I guess we can do that.  See what's on the menu today.  It's a good thumbnail.  But I gotta say, I don't really care.  I don't know if you guys have any video recommendations, let me know, but I'm not particularly interested in anything.  Well, I do that.  Look.  Probably just work like the rest of us.

 Probably not super interesting, to be honest.  I don't know.  Sorry.  I didn't mean that as a mean comment.  Hmm.  I feel like a life engineer has some good videos.  I just don't know what they are.  Start some YouTube drama.  I think I'm good.  I think I'm good.

 Hey, it's me.  Not doing anything.  Literally just sitting there.  Not doing anything.  Not doing anything in particular.  We can watch a Mr.  Beast video, but I'm just going to watch a movie.  Don't worry, you deserve to relax.  Well, thank you.  I appreciate it.

 I really do.  I'm sorry.  Some LinkedIn cringe videos.  Are there videos on LinkedIn? Are there? Yeah.  And we extend this to a 48-hour stream.  I don't think I would survive that.  I can't read.  I just can't read.  I don't know what to do.  I don't know.

 I don't know.  Like, man, you know, there's a lot of gaming streamers that do long streams for like 24 hours and more.  I wonder if it's the same level of difficulty doing that.  I feel like it'd be easier with games, but I don't know.  I don't know.  I don't know.  long hours, but doing this is different.  If I was, if I was just, yeah, I don't know, I don't know.  Honestly, I have no idea.  That's hard and like talking is hard to, if I just sit here in silence, I think it'd be a lot more boring.

 And I get bored too.  I get tired doing that.  You've lost weight since yesterday, probably to be honest, because you've got to be a pirate king software engineer salaries video on YouTube.  I think I'm good.  I don't know.  We go outside my videos.  I'm going to buy garbage videos and you guys want to watch a leak code video.  Most recent video.  You guys really want to watch this.  Haven't you guys already watched the video? I'll make a poll.

 I mean, I'm not going to listen to it though, because that's just going to make me cringe.  Watch meat canyon, excuse me video.  You guys already watched it.  Okay, that's good.  Three times.  You watched it three times.  What? Maybe play a video of a song you like, because we can't play the song.  I have such a bad memory.  Let me just find some songs I've been listening to recently.  There's this song from a movie.

 I got to figure out what it's called.  This is from like an anime movie I watched.  The XTC vid is hilarious.  What is it? What is it? I don't know if we can react to it, but which video is it? I don't know.  I feel like watching XTC videos.  It's like a guilty pleasure now.  I used to watch it a lot.  I used to watch it stream a lot, but now I just feel like I'm too old for this.  I feel like I've gotten older, but XTC is still the exact same way he was six years ago when I used to watch him.  But I don't know.

 Maybe I'm wrong.  Meat canyon, XTC.  XTC reacted to it.  What the heck? It's the first.  It's four minutes long.  Are we allowed to watch it? I guess we'll do it.  I guess we'll do it.  This is very off-popic for a coding stream, but I guess we'll do it.  Can't even put this headphones up.  Cringe video.

 It has two million views.  What? Is that my maids? What is all that? What is that? I can't do this.  We should do it right.  There's more valuable items further down.  Oh, that's a good thing with the audio.  That's not a good thing.  I don't think there's a video in this.  What? Don't be a fool.  One of these could pay for your family's future.  And there's your.

. .  That's sad.  What do you think? You notice it being gone.  Look how much you already have.  You're not a bonus.  Oh.  Oh, no.  You clumsy idiot.  Oh, what? You missed it.

 Let's get out.  Oh, you missed it.  Look at that.  Look at that.  So, it is this.  I got reviews.  I need them for YouTube frogs chat.  You know, because people who missed the streams.  Yeah, exactly.  It's crazy.

 I have a views now.  It's what he says while it's mine now.  I'm not deliberately needed Japanese.  It's not an idiot then.  That's one more person.  You could come into my treasure vault and. . .  And. .

.  There's no way to run chat.  There's no way to run.  So don't even try running because you want to run.  Just like your friends, I would take your friends eyes.  I would take your eyes again.  I would do it again.  Just like you forever.  This is crazy.  Yeah, if I could just find the views chat like I did maybe I could find it.

 Why did I go chat? Wow.  I have to give it to the YouTube frogs maybe.  Really? That's simple.  That was the video from me.  That was strange.  To be honest, I thought this one was funny.  I watched this one on the bottom.  I definitely thought it was a little bit better.  I don't really understand it, I guess.  What does it mean? Your title here is Clickbait.

 We did do some leak code for 20 something hours.  Can you summarize your 24 hour tour of GoLang? It was not what I expected.  I'll upload the video at some point, the whole 24 hour at some point.  He's obsessed with views.  Yeah.  That definitely does make sense.  I'm not going to upload it.  I'm not going to upload it.  Oh, somebody donated while we were watching Cherry the Code.  Thank you so much for the donation.

 Thank you so much for the nice words.  I really appreciate it.  Do you use Adderall? No.  I don't.  For most coding interviews, do you think blind 75 is enough to prep? It's a pretty good start.  I feel like blind 75 has a lot of holes in it.  It's a really famous list of problems because it was one of the first.  I don't think it's necessarily the best list of problems to prepare.  But it's a good list of 75 questions.  We can watch this one if you guys want.

 I don't know.  This one's two minutes, so it might as well.  This one's also going to be pretty weird.  What's that up there? Yeah.  But you never been this close to a celebrity before, huh? You want to dig a selfie or put the hook.  Don't focus down there here.  Look back up here here.  You have a prime.  You're not going to drink that.  It's smooth, isn't it? Rest room.

 Oops, sorry.  I thought you were going to be dying or passing away.  No, that's okay.  There we go.  There it is.  Not my gin here.  That's okay.  I'll tell you what, though.  That's a great shirt.  Oh, yeah.

 It feels nice.  Let me just get that off here real quick.  Let me just get that off.  Oh, man.  Your body's disgusting.  You got to work on that.  Check this out.  Check this out.  It's okay.  Go ahead.

 You can look.  I know.  It's pretty remarkable.  I know.  It look good.  Look at that.  You want to touch it? I better get those shoes from you, too, here.  You'll stop squarming.  Stop squarming here.  Mike! Mike, come help with this! Man, Logan's been working on so much crazy stuff this year.

 He's a total workhorse.  Right, Logan? Yeah, sure.  He's here.  Let's get those panties off here.  Get on your back! Yeah, yeah.  He's trustworthy, too.  He's the best.  He's the best.  I love him.  I am trustworthy, aren't I, boy? Yeah, Logan.

 Can I get paid now? I already paid you, remember.  This stuff is for daddy, okay? Now, I know you might be mad.  Listen, I hear you.  I am just as upset as you are.  That's why I have a video to show you here.  Let me find it real quickly.  This seems intended to calm people down, but. . .  Why are you in judgment? Oops, not that one.

 That's for another thing.  Let me see.  Nah, not that one.  No, I'm not planning on. . .  Well, you know, I'll find something for you to chew on soon enough.  But, you know, I don't know.  Just give it a week.  Give it a month.

 I don't know.  Don't forget all about this, and we'll be even Stevens.  All right, buddy? Thanks again.  My, come on! Copyright infringement? Really? It would be a damn shame if, like, at the end of the stream, we got copyrighted for that.  Okay, I'll stop.  Those are pretty weird.  Those are pretty out there.  Okay.  So, the recap is. .

.  Fellows that. . .  I think we did, like, 44 problems in GoLang.  It was a rough start.  I think the first problem took us, like, over 30 minutes.  And this is a one-liner in Python.  This is our code.  It took us a while to get the syntax down.

 I don't know how this took 30 minutes.  I thought I'd look at it, but maybe we were going slow or something.  And this is how you do it in Python.  So, I mean, we did improve, though.  We did improve.  I think we were at, like, 44 problems solved after, like, 16 hours or something like that.  And then we just ran out of gas.  And then we switched to Python.  We're the last six problems, because we want to get to 50.  We got to 50 problems, like, almost an hour ago, like, 40 minutes ago.

 And if there's anything you take away from the stream, it's that working for 24 hours is not efficient.  We probably could have done the exact same amount of work in half the time.  In half the time.  We could have done the exact same amount of work.  And, you know, it is what it is.  If we were focused with full energy, we probably could have done the same amount of work.  And, yeah.  I mean, that wouldn't be a 24 hour stream, though.  That would not be 24 hours of straight, lead code solving problems without built-in data structures.  I want you guys to know that I did not fail you by now.

 not getting to 100 problems solved with GoLang.  It wasn't me that failed you.  It was the language that failed you.  Because the language, I would have been better off using C.  I wish somebody had told me, I wish somebody had told me that there's no built-in data structures.  So, we learned a valuable lesson today.  And, you know, you have to live with those.  Yeah, final verdict, GoLang is not for leap code.  Plants the next stream.  I don't know, but I might start streaming regularly, but even if I do, it's going to be.

. .  It's going to be shorter and more focused streams.  And, I don't know, let me know what kind of content you want for those streams.  Because probably not solving leap code problems.  Let me actually ask you all you guys are here.  Primogen does these kind of react streams where he talks, where he goes through articles and stuff.  And, first of all, they're really easy videos to make.  Like, he's just reacting to an article usually.  Like, look at this video.

 He's probably. . .  Well, then he's giving his opinion, right? I'm not going to do exactly like that, but I think that's a format that's pretty easy to do.  And, depending on what we're looking at, I mean, I know you guys are mostly new grads.  You guys don't know how to code.  You guys probably have never even written code in your life.  But, would you want stuff like that? Would you want reaction. . .

 reaction streams to technical content? I'll make a poll right now.  And, when I say technical content, it doesn't have to be videos.  Like, in fact, he does a lot of articles.  And, I think articles are actually better because you can go at your own pace.  You're not pausing a video.  Like, if you're reacting to a video, you have to pause it.  That kind of interrupts it.  But, reading an article is way better.  And, I would. .

.  Like, I don't know what he usually does.  I mean, he does a lot of different stuff.  The stuff I'm more interested in is like the technical stuff.  Like, Unity, I don't really care about the Unity drama.  I really don't.  I'm not going to pretend like I care.  Don't care.  Like, the new version of Go, you already know I don't care about that.  Okay, after today, like, ain't nobody got time for Go.

 Ain't nobody got time for Go laying.  Bun, I don't really care about bun either.  But, I like the architecture stuff.  I don't know, has he done any of that stuff? Maybe he didn't do that stuff.  Like, this one, 50 million messages per day.  I think it's a blog post that he's looking at.  And, I like that kind of stuff.  Like, I wish I could react to like designing data intensive applications.  Like, I like the low level stuff.  So, if you're interested in that stuff, answer on the poll.

 Looks like a lot of people do want it.  I understand if people don't. . .  Let me know what you would want me to react to.  Yeah, like system stuff.  We can even do coding streams.  I don't, like, I would like doing coding streams.  I can build features of my website on stream.  I'd be happy to do that.

 That'd be pretty fun.  Yeah.  Yeah, we can do coding, like, features on stream.  We can do reacting to other technical content and stuff like that.  So, yeah, those will probably be shorter streams, probably like three or four hours long.  Yeah.  Okay.  Looks like a lot of people are interested.  I mean, if you're not interested, that's fine.  If you're interested in something else, let me know.

 Feel free to comment.  You said you would do something cool at the end of the stream.  Are you playing on working only on Nick code? Now that you left Google for the most part, really enjoyed the stream.  Thank you.  I appreciate it.  I'm surprised some of you guys were here as long as you were here.  I'm sure you're interested in doing coding streams.  I'm sure you're interested in doing coding streams.  I'm sure you're interested in doing coding streams.  Some of you guys were here as long as you were, but I genuinely appreciate it.

 We're at the final countdown now.  You can finally sleep, yeah.  It's the final countdown.  Okay, I'll stop.  Eat code, chain, please.  And you know, we got the video recording.  We're going to upload it as soon as I can.  It's going to take a long time to upload that.  It's going to be literally a 24 hour video.  So I will see you.

 And a day or two when that video is uploaded.  Thank you so much.  Well, I'll just started my journey and they could have with over 10 years experience.  Thank you so much for the donation.  I'm so sorry if I missed any donation.  Thank you.  Thank you.  But yeah, all I'm here.  Let me know if you have any other questions.  Why know videos uploaded for so long before this? Well, I was uploading on my second channel a lot mostly lead code videos.

 But yeah, the main channel videos they take forever for me to make.  And I was working on a lot of features on neat code I. O.  Like over the last few months, I was working on this course.  Full-sac development.  It took me several weeks, not several weeks, maybe like three weeks full time to make this course took forever.  Yeah, it took quite a long time.  And I think it's pretty good.  I don't think there's a lot of courses like this.  It has articles, it has videos like we build.

 We don't build like a basic UI.  We actually build like the backend stuff that most people never really talk about.  And so that took several weeks.  I was also working on this thing.  The code sandboxes, that took several weeks.  That took total took at least four weeks to get all of this done.  It took three weeks to get it launched and then another week to add a lot more problems.  Yeah, so I was working on those.  But going over the next few months, I'm probably going to be doing a lot more videos.  I'm going to be focusing more on videos.

 Please tell about your upcoming streams in prior.  Yeah, I might even get a schedule, like a stream schedule.  I think that would help me a lot just to be consistent about it.  I'll probably try to stream.  Hopefully at least once a week, maybe multiple times a week.  I don't know.  Once I get a schedule down.  But yeah, what else can we do? I can kind of show you some of the code base of neat code.  I showed a little bit of it.  What else do you want to see? Stream schedule would be awesome.

 Kind of want to try it too.  Yeah.  I don't know if you stream on YouTube, Kevin.  I think most of the time I saw your stream, I was on Twitch, but yeah.  We can add a little Easter egg on neat code.  I don't know.  I don't care, I guess.  I'm just. . .

 Yeah, but we got 10 more minutes.  We got 10 more minutes.  Can't do it.  Can't quit.  I've done Twitch's playing video games in my room.  I haven't tried YouTube.  I think I will eventually just stop not what I'd stream on YouTube.  Yeah.  Why do you have a second channel? Mostly because I didn't want to. .

.  In this year, I uploaded 150 videos on this channel.  150 videos.  Look at this.  The oldest one was eight months ago.  It was, yeah, eight months ago.  So it was January 7th.  150 videos on this channel this year.  I feel like if I did that on the main channel, people, a lot of people would unsubscribe.  He's kind of like spamming their inbox, but I don't know.

 Maybe I'm wrong.  What are your thoughts on Tech Lead? I don't know.  I do not know.  I want to get this to at least 200 by the end of the year.  We have three months left.  I think we should be able to do that easily.  Do our reaction test in human benchmark? What is my backend tech stack? I do talk about it in one of the videos.  We're gonna watch it if you want.  Because most of the complexity of this app is definitely on the front end.  There's a lot of logic, a lot of state management, a lot of responsiveness, dynamic updates, and all that kind of stuff.

 In Angular, there's a really good job of forcing a lot of best practices on you.  First of all, it uses TypeScript by default, which is just so good.  This is the front end, so you don't know the backend.  Now moving on to the stuff that wasn't so good.  So first of all, I had to implement a pretty basic REST API.  I just have a few endpoints, things to handle stuff like creating the user, the first time somebody signs in, creating a payment or subscription on the server.  And of course, updating the user after they subscribe and marking that they are a pro member.  So I went with Firebase Functions, which basically used Google Cloud Functions.  And while it does pretty much just work, there were some issues that I have, specifically when it comes to latency.  Out of the three major providers, AWS, Azure, and Google Cloud, Google Cloud is known for having the worst cold start times.

 That basically means that a function has not had some traffic and let's say 10 to 15 minutes.  That function will basically no longer have provision and resources.  And so the first time that function is called after 10 to 15 minutes, there will be a cold.  Who edits your videos? Believe it or not, me.  That's why I don't upload.  Yeah, my voice starts to say, which looking at the metrics dashboard, can you get pretty high? I can see here, in some cases, the latency went as high as seven seconds.  Here's a chart of the execution time.  These spikes are mainly due to cold starts.  That means that there were no active instances at that time.  So in order to scale up, the fun basically, like lessons learned on this, Firebase Functions has really bad cold starts.

 You can, now there's like version two of Firebase Functions.  You can migrate to, it helps.  I didn't do it because it's gonna be a long process.  Not a long process, but it's gonna take time.  It's gonna take at least a day or two of full time working.  So I haven't, I've been putting that off.  Just don't edit, push them.  I don't know.  I don't know if we're right to cloud run.  I ended up using TypeScript for the Firebase Functions because the TypeScript SDK has the most support.

 So I'll probably create a rest API with Express, containerize it with Docker, and end up deploying it to Cloud Run.  Since I'm paying for minimum instances anyway, it makes more sense to use a service like Cloud Run, which can actually handle a lot more concurrent requests each Firebase.  And the reason that the version two Firebase Functions are better is because they're built on top of Cloud Run.  They literally are Cloud Run instances.  So yeah, you just don't have to worry about that.  Use code, as if it was a Firebase function.  Yeah.  And then there's Payments and there's Stripe and then there's the database.  It was the database is pretty simple.  Yeah, most of the complexities on the front end of my app, I mean, I'm kind of adding more complexity to the backend when it comes to these basic problem sandboxes.

 Your video editing software, I use DaVinci Resolve.  It doesn't Stripe take a huge cut.  They take like three and a half percent.  So it's a cut, but it doesn't really get any better than that.  I don't think any payment processors will do better than that.  Do you feel weird listening to your own voice? Kind of, but at the same time, I've edited my own videos so much that like, it's I'm pretty used to it by now.  We could react to our own stream.  Is that weird? Is that weird? Whoa.  It's like a delay.  It's like a delay.

 It's like a delay.  It's like, oh my God, the echo, that's weird.  It's just going to keep echoing.  Yeah, let's not do that.  I feel like that's how you like get to the seventh level of hell.  Yeah, that's that's avoid that.  Okay.  Recursion without a base case.  Yeah, that really is.  I kind of want to try it again, actually.

 Does anybody want to? Should we do it again? Should we try it again? I'm kind of thinking it.  Do it.  Okay, fine.  Recursion.  Do it.  Okay, fine.  Recursion.  Do it.  Okay, fine.  I'm just going to do it.

 Recursion.  Do it.  Okay, fine.  I'm just going to do it.  Okay, fine.  I'm just going to do it.  Do it? Okay, fine.  I'm just going to Do it.  Okay, I find there's so small recursion look at that.  They're so small.

 Okay, I find there's so small recursion look at That'- so small good a fine that's organizations one that that the so small it of thin their sense .   it and finally some underway yard in the hours bring toward Jesus Yeah, we could make a wrap like that 2x speed Yeah, like a podcast with tech people.  Yeah, I don't know I know like Kevin just said he's Streams I know frying pan streamed.  I think he frying pan kind of did Not a podcast, but I thought he did like talks like that tech talks or something like that So if anybody else is a streamer if you guys know people who stream I would be down to collaborate with other people or join their streams or vice versa One minute yeah, the counter is going I don't I don't have anything else to say to be honest like it's been 24 hours.  I pretty much said what I wanted to say He did vids where we'd all just chatted yeah, that sounds fun That sounds good to me I would be down to do that, but Yeah, primogen collab.  I don't know I mean, I'm definitely down to do that, but I don't know what we would do Yeah, so I don't have I don't have anything else to say thank you so much for joining Yeah, I don't have anything else to say I'm gonna go to sleep after this I hope this is the last time I do a 24 hour stream and I pray to God that the video is saved properly and we upload that thing and you just saw the timer reset We're good Yeah, see ya.  I love you guys, but I think I need to be alone for like a week now.  See you later.